South Padre Island Vacation
byJayCuck©

This is my submission for the Summertime Contest. I really hope you enjoy the story. It's loosely based on a summer vacation I took with my wife. If there are any errors regarding the military or air force para-rescue operations, please accept my apologies. Enjoy

*

DeShawn felt his pace slow and he pushed himself harder, as he neared the end of his run. The sand was firm under his feet this close to the surf, so he had plenty of traction and his stride lengthened as he leaned into the final sprint. His breath was coming in big gulps and he felt the familiar light-headedness that came at the end; but he didn't let up. He wasn't built that way. He pushed himself in everything he did and he wasn't going to start slacking off now. His hip was almost 100% and it only pained him a little as his feet pounded the sand. He put on one last burst of speed, pumping his arms hard, he flashed by the pier that marked the end of his run.

The waves rolled up on to the beach and he could hear the soothing sound of the ocean, as he slowed to walk. His hands rested on the top of his head and he enjoyed the sweet taste of oxygen as it filled his lungs. He was still breathing heavy, but he was recovering fast. A smiled creased his face as he acknowledged that he was close to 100%. He wasn't quite there yet, but he was close and that felt damn good. Soon, he thought, soon I'll be ready to go back. His mind drifted back to his last assignment in Afghanistan, where he was injured and also where he lost his best friend. He shook his head and forced his mind to focus on the beach. Those memories were still too fresh and raw, still too painful to examine today.

He walked slowly back to his hotel, enjoying the morning. It was summertime and he was at the beach. Life was good. He made it to the hotel on South Padre Island late last night and promptly fell asleep. A run on the beach in the morning was exactly what he needed. The sun had come up, waves were gently rolling into the beach and it was just starting to get warm. The daily invasion had begun, as tourists started to stake out territory on the beach. DeShawn maneuvered his way around a few clusters of tourists and finally reached the hotel property. He was oblivious to the stares and whispers he received from the females he passed. A few of them fanned their faces, as if they were suddenly hot and laughed.

He made it back to his room to find the message light flashing on the phone. Grabbing the phone he punched the necessary code to retrieve the messages. Excitement was visible on his face as he started to listen, but it didn't last. Excitement was replaced by concern and then anger as he slammed the phone down. Emotions flooded through him as he thought about the message.

His friends, the people that were supposed to meet him here, were being deployed again on short notice. Their wives and girlfriends were obviously staying put, so he was stranded. His concern about his friends and their families clearly outweighed his own situation. There was really only one reason for a rapid deployment and it certainly wasn't a training mission. Guilt washed over him so strongly he sat down on the bed. I should be there with them; he thought and stared out the window. I should be there with them.

It wasn't until several minutes later that he picked up the second message. It was something about a welcome package at the front desk. He'd get it later he thought has he stepped into the shower.

John stuffed the last suitcase into the truck and slammed it shut. Sweat poured down his forehead, he took a breath and wiped the sweat before it reached his eyes. The summer heat and humidity in San Antonio combined to suck the moisture out of body like a raisin. They were only going to be vacationing on South Padre Island for a week, but Becca had packed as though it was going to be a month. He didn't mind though, they both needed the vacation pretty badly. Their relationship had been under a lot of stress the last few months and this vacation was their chance at a fresh start. They both needed large amounts of sun, sand, surf, and drinks; lots and lots of drinks. Summer time at the beach! A smile lit Johns face as he remembered the bikini's Becca had packed. Sex, lots of sex, was definitely on the menu as well.

Their little compact car fired up as soon as John turned the key in the ignition. They bought it used, but it never failed to start and it was a very dependable model. He started the air conditioning on full blast, so their car would be cool when they left. John left the car running and jogged inside.

"Becca, we're all set out here. How's it coming for you?"

John's voice echoed in their small living quarters. John and Becca had just celebrated four years of marriage in their tiny little house on base. Since they were junior enlisted personnel, they were assigned a fairly small home on the base. It was actually pretty cool, because they were surrounded by other junior enlisted folks, so they had lots of friends nearby. There was always a BBQ, potluck or some other get-together, going on all the time. Even though money was tight for folks in their pay grade, no one minded drinking cheap beer and eating hot dogs and hamburgers.

"I'm ready Johnny-baby. Let's get out of here!"

Becca emerged from their bathroom, adjusting the straps to her tank top, as she walked towards John. The tank top covered her breasts, just barely. It wouldn't get her arrested, but it definitely allowed for the maximum amount of cleavage. She pinched John's ass as she passed by him and skipped out the door. John took the opportunity to admire her ass as she made her way to the car. Her yoga pants left nothing to the imagination and her ass looked amazing as usual. She had pulled her long, blonde hair back into a ponytail. A baseball cap and sunglasses completed her outfit. He thought it was sexy, when she wore a baseball cap and pulled her ponytail through the back.

John made one last visual inspection of the house and followed Becca out the door. Stopping briefly to lock the door, John jumped in the driver's seat and backed out of the driveway. He got a kiss from Becca and they were on their way.

The drive to South Padre Island was fairly uneventful; unless you count Becca flashing her C-cup breasts for several truck drivers along the way. Normally it was a five hour drive from San Antonio, but they made it in four, thanks to John's heavy foot. Traffic was surprisingly light, because it was after spring break. So they missed the drunken spring breakers and hopefully missed the families with screaming kids. The summer weather was supposed to be great on the island. No hurricanes, no torrential rains, just solid sunshine for the entire week according to the weather guys on base.

John pulled into their hotel and popped the trunk. He got another kiss on the cheek from Becca and smiled in response. That cheek was getting a lot of action.

"Woo Hoo. We're finally here Becca."

John cut off the engine and grabbed Becca's hand.

"Let's have some fun this week, baby. It's just you and me, so let's throw limits out the window and get crazy. I want to wake up every morning with a hangover and a smile. Sound good?"

Becca gave a short laugh. "You have no idea how good that sounds John. Just remember you said that Mister, because I'm holding you every word. I hope you brought you're A-game with you, because I fully expect you to get me pregnant this week!"

"Bring it on, Becca. Now I'll get the luggage, if you'll get us checked in. Text me with the room number and I'll meet you there with the luggage."

Becca nodded, left the car and John started unloading the luggage. The hotel was pretty big and John had reserved a room on the ground floor with access to the pool and the beach. It had been a lot of money for their small salaries, but they both thought it was worth it.

John's phone buzzed as he pulled the last suitcase out of the car. Checking his phone, he realized he had parked on the opposite side of the hotel, from where their room would be located. When he viewed the hotel online, he was sure they would be staying near where he parked, but it looked like the hotel had switched them to the other side.

John surveyed the three suitcases before him and swore under his breath. Two suitcases belonged to Becca and they were the heaviest. John's suitcase was the light one, because it basically held a bunch of shorts and t-shirts. John and Becca had received the luggage as a hand-me-down gift from John's parents. It was great that the luggage was free, but it also meant that the luggage was old. None of the suitcases had any wheels, so John was stuck carrying all three suitcases to the room.

Stuffing his phone in his pocket, John slid his light suitcase under his arm and then grabbed Becca's suitcases, one in each hand and started hiking. Unfortunately, for John, the path he had to walk took him all the way around the hotel. There wasn't an easy way to cut through the hotel. When he finally arrived at his hotel room, his face was flushed, he was breathing heavy and his shirt was plastered to his skin. He knocked on the door and Becca opened it and started laughing.

"Holy shit John. What the heck happened to you? You're drenched in sweat!"

She continued to giggle as she grabbed a hand towel from the bathroom. John struggled inside the room, dropped the luggage and collapsed on the bed.

"I thought our room would be on the other side of the hotel. When I got your text, I realized I parked on the wrong side. I thought about re-parking, but the car is already at the entrance and we have to go back that way anytime we leave the hotel grounds. Needless to say, I just carried everything over here."

Becca leaned over him and patted his face dry. She kissed him softly.

"Well, I'm glad you made it. Why don't you take a quick shower and then we can hit the pool?"

"Sounds great, want to join me?"

Becca smiled at him and shook her head.

"I'm going to go down to the front desk. They had a welcome package for us and some other free gifts, since we're both military members. It wasn't ready when I checked in, but they called just before you got here and said it was ready."

"Ahh. Ok, cool. That was really nice of them."

"I thought so too. So I'll be right back."

John nodded, pulled himself erect and started for the bathroom. He heard the door close behind him and got the shower going. Adjusting the water temperature, he got in the shower and put his head under the shower head. It felt good to let the cool water run over his neck. Becca and the state of their marriage, consumed his thoughts. Their marriage was at a pretty stressful point and this vacation could help put that behind them. He desperately wanted this vacation to go well for both of them.

John remembered the first time he saw her in technical training school. She looked amazing in her uniform and her smile lit up the room. They had some of the same courses together, even though they had different jobs. He still couldn't believe she had chosen to date him, because she literally had her pick of men. The ratio of men to women in technical training school was horrible, for the men. There were approximately 25 guys for every 1 woman. This meant it was virtually impossible to actually get a date with one of the single women.

John was naturally shy so he hadn't even considered initiating a conversation with Becca. He simply considered her out of his league and focused on his studies. They ended up getting paired up in several exercises and they worked well together. It was after class one day when Becca took the initiative and struck up a conversation him. They sat next to each other in class each day after that and started dating shortly thereafter.

Becca had gone to college for a few years, before joining the military and it was clear she was more experienced than John, especially sexually. They had been dating for a few months when John finally got the courage to ask her about the tattoo on her hip. It a simple black spade about the size of a playing card and it was surrounded by a wreath. It was nicely done and looked very sexy. Becca explained to John, that while she was in college, she dated black men exclusively and one of her boyfriends asked her to get that tattoo. John was immediately concerned that he wasn't her type. He had heard the saying about black men and he had seen enough black guys in the showers and locker rooms to know it was more true than not. Becca assured him though, that he didn't have anything to worry about and that she loved him dearly. John proposed to her the next day.

John smiled and shook his head, bringing himself back to the present. He finished his shower and got dressed. Shorts, a T-shirt and flip flops and he was ready. He was just about to text Becca, when he thought he heard her laughing outside the door. Slipping the curtains aside, John peeked out the window and saw Becca laughing and talking with someone. He pulled the door open and Becca turned her head when he opened the door and motioned him to come over

"Hey Baby, come over here, I want you to meet someone."

"Oh, Ok, sure thing." John nodded, stepped outside and saw Becca's new friend.

"Hi. I'm John and you've obviously met my wife Becca."

He looked up and extended his hand to the gentleman. He was an older gentleman and John guessed he was in his early to mid-30's. He looked like he just stepped out of a muscle magazine.

"Hi. I'm DeShawn and yes, I've met you're lovely wife Becca. I met her down at the front desk, where we were both collecting our welcome packages. It turns out that I'm staying in the room next to you, so we got a chance to talk on our way back over here."

His voice was confident and so was his smile as he dropped John's hand looked down at Becca again. DeShawn was tall, probably 6'2" and he was obviously in great shape. He was bare-chested and only wearing a swim suit and flip flops. If he had any body fat on him, John couldn't see it. His entire upper body was sculpted and cut. His chest was huge and sat on top of abs that made a washboard jealous. Veins stood out on his arms, especially his biceps and his shoulders were completed the package. His hair was cut very close to his scalp, in a classic military cut.

John felt lucky to have his hand back, because DeShawn's grip was very firm.

"Cool. So you're in the military as well?"

"Yes, I'm in the air force and my job is Para-rescue." That definitely explained the muscles, because Para-rescue was one of the most demanding and dangerous jobs in the Air Force. "I've been in for almost 13 years now. I'm down here on vacation and I was supposed to meet some friends down here; but they were deployed unexpectedly."

"Ahh man, that sucks."

DeShawn shrugged his shoulders. "It happens, especially in our career field and you get used to it after a while. It's the families that really suffer, because in most cases they're helpless and simply have to wait." Concern was etched on his face. He was clearly thinking about his friends and their families.

Becca nodded and smiled at him with sympathy in her eyes. "Yea, we have friends that have deployed overseas and we know what it's like for the families that stay behind. Fortunately, there is a lot of support available and the other families really pitch in to help them."

DeShawn and I nodded our agreement with Becca. The military was a tight knit community and it was an even closer for those folks who were in combat roles.

"Well DeShawn, you are more than welcome to hang out with us." Becca looked at me and I could tell she had been thinking the same thing. We couldn't leave DeShawn all by himself and he was staying right next to us, so it was perfect. "We're going to be here all week and we'd enjoy the company. I gotta warn you though, Becca can get pretty wild."

Becca laughed, blushed a little and punched me in the arm. "John, you are so full of shit. Don't believe a word he says DeShawn. I'm an angel, and if you look closely, you'll see my halo and wings."

"I'll keep a close eye out for them Becca." DeShawn's reply was light and he laughed as he said it, but the look in his eyes made it clear he was going keep his eyes on her.

Becca definitely noticed his look and smiled back at him. "Seriously though DeShawn, you're with us this week and we won't take no for an answer. We also know where you're staying, so don't try and hide from us."

He smiled and raised his hands in mock surrender. "I wouldn't dream of it ma'am."

John broke the moment and suggested that they both put the welcome packages away and then hit the beach. A few minutes later they were staking out their own territory on the beach and as luck would have it, they were near the bar. They were able to rent some lounge chairs, order drinks and enjoy the sandy beaches. South Padre Island is as close to Mexico as you can get and still stay north of the border. While the water wasn't the crystalline blue color you see in the Bahamas, it was blue/green and the beaches were very nice. The sound of the surf and view of the waves as the rolled up on shore was very soothing. The view of the ocean, combined with the drinks, relaxed everyone and before long, they were talking like old friends. Becca had picked the chair in between the guys and was on her third margarita. She was wearing one of her micro bikini's that really showed off her figure. She added a small wrap around her waist and the effect was pretty stunning. Based on the looks DeShawn was giving Becca, it was clear that he also approved of the bikini. John saw him sneaking regular glances at Becca.

Eventually Becca got hot and went to cool off in the ocean. DeShawn followed her, while John went to use the restroom. Becca and DeShawn were playing around in the surf and splashing each other, when John got back. He ordered them another round and lay back on his lounge chair. He saw Becca stumble in the surf; she apparently stepped on something and started to fall. DeShawn was close and managed to catch her, before she went under the water. He picked her up easily and carried her out of the surf and back towards our chairs.

Becca had her arm around DeShawn's neck and leaned her head against his chest. John thought they looked amazing together and the contrast in their skin tones was beautiful. He felt himself start to get aroused and immediately sat up. John couldn't help but notice that several women seated near them, watched DeShawn and Becca with envious eyes.

DeShawn lowered Becca carefully onto her chair and then his mouth dropped open. John smiled to himself, because he knew that DeShawn had just seen how transparent Becca's suit got when it was wet. Becca had purchased the suit, just for this vacation and it was made of a light material that turned almost sheer, when wet. It looked fantastic on Becca and DeShawn clearly loved it as well. DeShawn's eyes were also locked on Becca's hip, as he noticed her tattoo. His eyes slowly traveled up her body and finally met her eyes.

Becca's eyes met his and she smiled at him. It was a sexy smile that let him know that she saw him admiring her and she was fine with it. "See something you like, Mr. Para-rescue man? You rescued me out there, so I guess that makes you my hero." She leaned forward, toward DeShawn and softly kissed his lips.

"Consider that a 'Thank You' kiss DeShawn." She said, before reclining back on her lounge chair.

DeShawn finally found his voice. "You're welcome Becca. Anytime, anytime at all." He made it back to his lounge chair and took a long pull of his drink.

John watched this entire interlude with some amusement and some lust. Simply put, he was used to the effect Becca had on men and sometimes women. Becca was beautiful and there was no denying it. Early in their relationship it had made him nervous and then he would get mad, when guys would stare at her or worse, hit on Becca. Finally, he realized there was a price to pay for marrying a beautiful woman. Becca didn't encourage it, but she couldn't stop it either.

Becca was always careful to politely decline any offers, and there were a lot of them. She never led anyone on and didn't have any male 'friends', outside of their social circle. She never once, gave John a reason to be jealous.

This situation with DeShawn however, was a little different and that excited John. Becca and DeShawn were clearly attracted to each other. Based on the looks DeShawn received from other women, it was pretty obvious that he was uncommonly good-looking. Both Becca and John really enjoyed his company and he had a charismatic and authentic personality, once he got to know someone.

An idea started to percolate in John's brain. He dismissed it at first as crazy and then dismissed it again, because it was a little frightening. He focused on the beach and tried to move his mind away from the idea, but it was growing. He ran down to the beach and got into the water for a while. He body-surfed in the waves until his skin started to prune. He noticed DeShawn and Becca laughing together and the idea blew up and demanded his attention.

John made his way back to the chairs and toweled off. He was getting hungry and suggested they head back to their rooms and start thinking about dinner. He also wanted to get Becca alone. He needed to get her input on the idea and he hoped she wouldn't kick him out of the room for the rest of the week. This was one of those ideas that would either be a fantastic success or a spectacular failure. Either way, he wanted to discuss it with her. He needed to discuss it with her and he desperately hoped she'd be receptive to it.

Becca was in the shower and talking to John through the shower curtain. "John, what's on your mind?" You were awful quiet there towards the end and then you left us."

John was slow in answering her. His skin felt cool as I applied the shaving cream to his face and drew the razor across his skin. He was slow in answering because he wanted to gather his thoughts, but he also wanted to avoid slicing his face open. The silence built slowly, but it eventually filled the room.

A few minutes later, Becca pulled the shower curtain back; concern was evident in her expression. "John? Earth to John. What's going on? Are you ok honey?"

"I'm fine honey; I just have something on my mind. That's all." He finished shaving, wiped his face and turned to face Becca. "Why don't you finish your shower and we can talk about it."

"You're not mad are you? DeShawn mentioned that you might be, because you spent at least an hour and half in the surf, then came back and abruptly suggested we leave."

He leaned forward and kissed her. He also snuck a quick look at her naked body. Yep, it was still fantastic.

"No. I'm definitely not mad. DeShawn is a great guy and I'm really glad we met him. I noticed that you two seemed to hit it off as well. He certainly liked your bikini and tattoo." Becca blushed furiously. Her skin tone was light enough that when she blushed, it was obvious and cute.

Becca pulled the shower curtain back into place and resumed her shower and her conversation. John stayed put. "Well, he is very good-looking and that body, god it's amazing. He's also really funny and you can tell that he's a pretty genuine guy. He doesn't have that cockiness or arrogance; that comes from being really good looking. Anyway, I enjoyed his company."

She paused and rinsed out her hair. John watched her silhouette as she ran the bar of soap over her body. He loved to watch her. She thought he was crazy, but sometimes watching Becca was like watching soft-core porn.

"Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you about, so come on out when you're done. Ok?"

"Sure thing honey, give me 15 minutes. I love you."

"I love you to Becca." He really hoped she'd continue to love him after their conversation.

The TV was showing an action flick, with car chases and explosions, when Becca flopped down next to John on the bed. She leaned over and kissed his cheek and rubbed his back. Her hand slid down to his ass and she gave it a little squeeze.

"Do you think we'll be getting naked tonight?" She was teasing him and he knew it. He took every opportunity to get naked with Becca.

"Damn Straight! The last time didn't go so well, so I definitely want a rematch." It was hard to acknowledge his performance issues, but he thought it would make it worse if he pretended it didn't happen. Becca ran her fingers through his hair.

"It's ok John, it's just a temporary thing. You're putting too much pressure on yourself to get me pregnant. It will happen, don't worry." She smiled at him again. "I'll just have to spend more time naked around you."

John laughed. "I really like that idea and I loved your bikini today. God you are so beautiful baby." John moved over and hugged her tight. "I know you really want a baby Becca and I do as well. I can't wait to be a parent with you."

They held each other and John could tell from Becca's breathing, that she was crying softly. It had been two years, since they started trying to conceive a child. They'd tried everything to get Becca pregnant, but John's sperm count was just too low. They also tried adopting, but that had been too emotionally draining and hurtful.

The little girl they'd tried to adopt was beautiful. She was just 3 months old and perfect. The fact that she was black didn't matter at all to John and Becca. They wanted her as soon as they saw her and started the adoption process immediately. The process was going fine, but towards the end they were abruptly denied the right to adopt. It seemed that her mother had changed her mind and wanted to have custody of the baby. John and Becca couldn't fault her for that, but it was still very painful.

All of their friends and family shared their heartbreak and provided a lot of support. None of them cared or mentioned the race of the baby. It just didn't matter to anyone and it was clear that John and Becca would love any child that came into their lives.

John got up to get Becca a tissue for her eyes, he sat back down on the bed and handed her the tissue.

"Thank you. I'm sorry John. I don't mean to be such a mess." She sniffed and let out a short laugh. "It's summer time and we're supposed to be on vacation and here I am crying." John moved behind her and massaged her shoulders. He kissed her neck and whispered that he loved her.

Becca liked massages and he could feel the tension in her start to recede. Her groan broke the silence as she leaned into his hands. It was as good a time as any to bring up the idea. He took a quiet, deep breath.

"Becca I really want to get you pregnant this week. This is the perfect opportunity and I think you mentioned that this a fertile time of the month for you. Am I right?" He knew he was, but he wanted to get her involved in the conversation.

"Yep. This is the best time of the month. I will definitely be ovulating this week." Her head moved in circles as she helped John to get at those hard to reach spots. "That feels really good honey, don't stop."

"Excellent. I was just thinking that we should take every opportunity we have this week. "

"Uhh. Ok. I thought we already agreed on that part." Becca patted his hands and that was her cue for John to stop the massage. She turned and faced him on the bed. "What are you trying to say John?"

John took a deep breath, reached out and took Becca's hands and met her gaze. "What I'm trying to say is that you and I just want a happy, healthy baby. We obviously don't care about the race of the child, so long as it's ours." Becca nodded and John could see her mind thinking about where he was going with this conversation. "I was thinking that if an opportunity became available this week, even with someone besides me, we should take it."

John let out all the air he had been holding and waited, and waited. The TV was going in the background, but all that existed for John was Becca. Her face was initially blank with confusion. She obviously expected him to continue and when he stopped, she really started thinking. Comprehension dawned on her face, followed quickly by denial and then genuine surprise. John knew she had put 2 and 2 together and came up with 4. He nodded at her.

It was a small victory for John that Becca didn't throw him out on his ass. She got up and sat down on the chair in the corner. It was diagonal from the bed, so Becca faced in his direction, when she sat down. She was quiet, too quiet. She was the kind of quiet that John had learned to fear in their marriage. It was unnerving, but John waited for her to speak. He had planted the idea and now he had nothing left to do, but to wait and see if it bore fruit.

Becca's voice was strained with emotion, but it cut through the silence easily. She spoke slowly, carefully and looked straight into John eyes.

"Let me get this straight John, because I think we need to be very clear about what we're discussing." John nodded and she continued. "You are suggesting that if DeShawn is agreeable, that I let him fuck me. Not only do I let him fuck me, but impregnate me. Am I right?"

A flood words tried to escape John's mouth at once. What ended up coming out of Johns mouth weren't words, it wasn't even a language; it was more of a garbled squawk. He stopped, looked down and collected himself.

"Becca, let me explain-"

"No John, you've explained enough." Becca pointed her finger at John. "Answer my question. Was your intent to have DeShawn fuck me and impregnate me? It's a simple question John."

"Yes Honey. That is exactly what I'm suggesting. I'm suggesting that if DeShawn is cool with it, that you two have as much sex as humanly possible and hopefully you will conceive." John added lamely. "I'd still like to have sex with you, but given my recent performance, I don't think I'm your best option." He waited for Beccas response.

There is a simple undeniable truth that all married men come to understand at some point. Occasionally they will have to admit defeat to their wives and simply take their punishment. No amount of talking, explaining or cajoling will work any longer. The game is up and fat lady has sung. John really felt he was at that point. He took a deep breath, hung his head and prepared to spend the rest of the week apologizing, buying flowers, drinks, anything to repair the damage.

"Look at me John." Her voice didn't sound pissed, it didn't sound upset or even hurt. It was light, even, and John thought he heard love in that voice. He looked over at Becca and realized she was walking toward him.

"I Love You." He didn't reply. His voice was frozen and he wasn't sure what was coming next from her. Becca's hand found his cheek and she looked into his eyes. "John, I Love You."

John drew Becca into his arms. They lay back on the bed and looked at each other. John started to talk, but a finger across his lips silenced him.

"Let me talk, please John." He nodded. "I'm surprised and shocked that you offered that option to me. I definitely didn't expect it." Her fingers stroked his cheek. "I know it couldn't have been easy for you, so you must really love me and want a child with me." He nodded again and felt his eyes tear up.

"More than anything Becca." His voice cracked as he said her name. "Apparently, I'm just not man enough to give you a baby and I'm so sorry." The tears he was holding back finally broke through his restraint. He felt her arms draw him into her chest and she held him tightly.

"John you are more than enough man for me and there isn't a man on the planet who can control his sperm count." Her voice was resolute and it held a mild rebuke for John. "Now stop it. You're the man I love, the man I married and the father of our child yet to be."

John sat up and wiped his eyes. Now it was his turn to sniffle and he reached over and grabbed some tissues. Becca held her hand out and drew him back next to her. She ran her fingers through his hair and kissed him lightly.

"John, I'm not saying yes, but I do have some questions and I'm going to be blunt." Her shoulders rose as she took a deep breath. "Are you sure you could handle me fucking DeShawn?"

"I think so baby. I like DeShawn and I would do pretty much anything to help you conceive."

She expected that answer and nodded. "Do you want to watch?"

"Umm. Yes, for two reasons. First, for your safety and that's my main priority. I don't know how much help I would be, given that DeShawn is so well built, but I want to be there in case you need me."

She nodded and kissed his cheek.

"The other reason is that I think it's hot and sexy." Becca gave a quick laugh and then covered her mouth.

"Sorry." Her skin turned a nice shade of red, as she blushed. John couldn't help but laugh a little as well.

"It's ok baby. I don't have to be there every time you're with DeShawn. I mean he's staying right next door, so I could come back here if you wanted some privacy." Relief washed over Becca's face.

"Ok John, last question. Do you want to tell DeShawn what we're doing or do we make up a story. We're closet swingers or something?"

"I definitely want to tell him what's going on, Becca. It's only fair to DeShawn and he should know that it's not just about sex."

"I agree." Becca nodded and hugged John. "Let's get in touch with DeShawn and make dinner plans. We can talk it over with him and then decide if it's something all of us can agree on."

John felt a huge weight drop from his shoulders. Becca's temper was legendary and he thought it was about to make an appearance tonight. He felt like he had dodged a bullet as he walked out of their hotel room and knocked on DeShawns door.

DeShawn answered the door with a big smile. He was already dressed and ready to go. "Dude, I'm starving. I was just about to come over and get you two. We're still doing dinner right?"

"Yea man, dinner and then Becca and I were thinking we could find a bar or a club. Do you dance?"

That question earned John a weird look and a laugh from DeShawn. He clapped John on the back and they moved inside John and Becca's room. "Yea John. I've done a little dancing and that sounds fun." John was certain there was a story behind that answer and he reminded himself to ask DeShawn about it later.

Becca chose that moment to join them. She looked gorgeous and John and DeShawn were both momentarily speechless. She was wearing a simple black blouse that reminded John of a baby-doll lingerie set Becca owned. The blouse was low-cut and Becca's cleavage looked tanned and amazing. She had on tight-fitting jeans that really complimented her legs and ass.

She laughed and did a slow turn for the boys. "I take it you both like my outfit."

DeShawn and John exchanged smiles. "Yea baby, you look nice." John offered.

DeShawn gave a short laugh, walked over and took Beccas hand. He raised it to his lips and kissed the back of it. "No Becca, you don't look nice. You look gorgeous. You're absolutely beautiful and I would consider it an honor if you would let me escort you tonight." He tucked Becca's hand under his arm, looked over at John and gave a wink.

John rolled his eyes. "Suck-up! Let's go, it looks like I'm driving." They left the room, with John in the lead, and walked back to the parking lot. Initially John headed towards their car, however he glanced over his shoulder and noticed that DeShawn had stopped next to a Mercedes convertible. It was sleek, snazzy and it looked absolutely fun to drive.

DeShawn had the keys out already and was guiding Becca over to the passenger side. John noticed that it was a two-seater convertible, so clearly someone was driving separately. DeShawn got Becca settled and came back around to the driver's side near John.

"Hey Bud, do you mind if Becca rides with me?" He smiled at John. "I am her escort tonight after all."

"Sure, no problem. Mr. Smooth! Do you know where you're going?"

"Yep, this baby has a navigation system that can find just about anything. Why don't you follow us?"

"Sounds good, see you there."

The little Mercedes was quick and DeShawn really knew how to drive it. As a result, John struggled to keep up and ended up losing them at a stop light. He continued down the road he thought they took, but in a few turns he was realized he was lost. He headed back to the main street on the island and started looking for a place to ask directions. He pulled into a gas station and his phone buzzed.

"Hello? Dude you totally lost me. You jerk." He could hear DeShawn's laughter.

"Sorry man. Where are you now?"

John told him and DeShawn gave him directions to the restaurant. John pulled in 5 minutes later and walked into the restaurant. He thought he would see Becca and DeShawn waiting in the lobby, but there were nowhere to be seen. The waitress had just escorted another couple to their table, so John waited patiently for her to return. She was back in a few minutes and John described Becca and DeShawn and the waitress gave him a big smile. She obviously knew who John was talking about and she took him to the back of the restaurant.

DeShawn and Becca were sitting at U-shaped booth that had an awesome view of the water. The sun was setting over the water and the ocean seemed alive with colors that bounced off the waves. Boats were still out on the water and the seagulls competed for food dropped by tourists. It was a nice night at the beach.

John brought his attention back to the table and noticed that Becca was sitting very close to DeShawn. She was trying his drink and DeShawn was encouraging Becca to try some more, but she made a face and declined. They both looked up as John approached the table and Becca scooted away from DeShawn a little bit. She ended up exactly in the middle, as John slid into the U-shaped booth.

"Hey, look who just showed up. Jeez, John you drive like a senior citizen. Becca and I have been waiting for ages?" DeShawn had a good-natured smile on his face and Becca giggled a bit.

"Sorry DeShawn, I didn't realize you were such a crazy driver. That's it, from now on Becca rides with me. Sorry bud, you're just not safe and Becca's safety is my primary concern. How do you like them apples!"

Sarcasm was thick at the table and John thought he had scored a point, but DeShawn was too quick. He glanced quickly at Becca.

"Y'know John, I think we ought to let Becca decide who she wants to ride with, don't you? I mean, it is her safety we're talking about here."

Becca blushed furiously and her eyes got big as DeShawn finished. He wore a triumphant smile and looked at her expectantly. John immediately got the sense that he was missing something. Both of them were looking at Becca, who had taken that opportunity to take a big gulp of her margarita.

She set her glass down and smiled at both of them. "Ooh. That's strong. I have to be careful, otherwise I'll be unconscious, regardless of who drives me home. "

Relief flashed over her face and it was obvious that she thought she dodged a bullet with that comment. Unfortunately for her, neither John nor DeShawn was going to let it rest until she made her choice. DeShawn was the first to speak, but only by a split second.

"Oh No Becca. You're not getting off that easy. John and I want to know. Who do you want to ride tonight?" Becca's eyes bulged at DeShawn's innuendo and she glanced quickly at John. "Ohh, excuse me. Who do you want to ride back to the hotel tonight with tonight?" They all laughed as DeShawn corrected himself.

Another gulp of margarita sailed past Becca's lips and she signaled the waiter for another one. Silence seemed to sprout from everywhere and Becca looked back and forth between the guys. She nodded as she made her decision and finished the last of her margarita. She placed it at the edge of the table and smiled at them.

"Ok. Here's the deal boys, I will ride back to the hotel with whoever dances with me the most." She looked pointedly at DeShawn as she said the words 'back to the hotel' and DeShawn gave her a guilty smile. "That's the deal, take it or leave it."

John extended his hand to DeShawn. "Deal?" "Deal."

The waiter came by with Becca's second margarita and took their orders. John ordered a whiskey and DeShawn did as well. The conversation picked right up from where they left off earlier at the beach. Anyone passing by, would have thought these three people were old friends, because they were talking and laughing the entire time through dinner. They continued to order drinks and everyone was having a great time.

The waiter finally came by to clear their plates and take their dessert order. Becca gave John a significant look and excused herself to the restroom. John understood her meaning clearly. When she came back and sat down, John looked over at DeShawn and took a deep breath.

"DeShawn, I wanted to talk to you about something fairly important, but I don't want to offend you either. Mind if I ask you a few personal questions?"

A quizzical look passed over DeShawn's face and he glanced at Becca, but he simply shrugged. "No not at all. Go ahead John. I don't mind."

"Well, I know you mentioned that you weren't married. Are you in a relationship now?" DeShawn laughed and John immediately felt like an ass.

"Are you asking me out John?" DeShawn meant it as a joke, but he looked over at John and realized he wasn't smiling. He glanced at Becca and she was staring at him intently as well. "Um. No. I'm not seeing anyone and there isn't anyone significant in my life. It's really hard, given my job to have a steady relationship." DeShawn wasn't sure where this was going, but both John and Becca remained silent, so he continued.

"I've been married twice. The first marriage was doomed from the start, because we were both 19 and too young. That marriage lasted about 18 months and I qualified for Para-rescue shortly after we divorced. I was single for a few years and then married again. Unfortunately, I was deployed on missions, more than I was home, so that marriage ended as well. We parted as friends, but it was still hard."

Becca placed her hand on DeShawn's arm. "I'm sorry DeShawn." He shook his head. "Don't be Becca. It happens and both women are in relationships now that are better for them. It's ok."

"I was injured in my last deployment and I've been at Johns Hopkins recovering. I'm essentially finished with my recovery and I came down here expecting to have a final bash before getting re-assigned. " He spread his hands, indicating he was finished.

John nodded to him. "Thank you DeShawn. We appreciate you letting us into your personal life a little bit."

"It's funny that you ask, because I was thinking I may never get married again. I'm ok with that, but I did want to have children. That's the one regret I would carry with me, is that if I don't get married again, I won't have any children."

DeShawn had been looking out at the ocean as he finished, but he caught the look that John and Becca exchanged. "Guys, what's up? Are you planning to adopt me or something?"

Another long silence descended on the table as Becca and John looked at each other. Becca slowly nodded to John and he smiled and nodded back. He took her hand and kissed it, before turning his attention back to DeShawn.

"DeShawn, let me give you a little background on Becca and me. Ok?"

"Fire away John."

"We've been married for 5 years now and it's been great. We're really blessed." John smiled at Becca and she mouthed I love you, to John. Unfortunately, this love story has hit a little rough patch. You mentioned having children is something you've always wanted and it's the same with us." DeShawn nodded and smiled.

"Becca and I have been trying for two years to have a child. The reason we haven't is that I have been cursed with an extremely low sperm count. It's probably the lowest in the history of mankind."

Becca stepped in. "John, stop it. It's not your fault." That phrase had become like a mantra to Becca. He nodded back at her. "I know baby, thank you."

"Anyway, we've tried everything and I mean everything and still no luck. We even tried adopting a beautiful little girl, but it didn't work out."

DeShawn gave him a little smile and his face showed sympathy and understanding. "I'm sorry guys. You seem like you would be great parents."

Becca beamed at DeShawn. "Thank you DeShawn. We really appreciate that and we certainly hope so." She loved getting those types of compliments. She nodded at John to continue.

"Yes. Thank you DeShawn. Becca and I were talking this afternoon and we wanted to ask you something." John's heart was pounding in his chest.

"Ok." John took one final breath and let it out slowly. "DeShawn, Becca and I would like to ask you if you would help get Becca pregnant."

Silence made another appearance, but this time it decided to stay a while. John and Becca exchanged a several glances, but DeShawn had turned his head and was looking out at the water. Several minutes passed. John was starting to get concerned that he had really offended DeShawn and he could tell that Becca was worried about the same thing.

A few more minutes passed before Becca finally gathered her courage and slid over next to DeShawn. She laid her hand on his arm and looked up into his eyes.

"DeShawn, if we've offended you, we are really sorry. We understand it's a huge and unusual thing to ask of anyone."

He nodded, stayed silent and Becca remained next to him. He finally took a deep breath and pulled his gaze from the ocean. He reached over and squeezed Becca's hand and gave her a smile.

"Well you two are not boring company. That is for sure." It was a perfectly timed joke and we all laughed. It helped break the tension and DeShawn signaled for the waiter to bring another round of drinks.

"Why me?" He asked as the waiter disappeared. Becca took the lead on this question.

"You're perfect DeShawn." She said simply and then began to explain herself. "You're extremely handsome and in great shape. God you have a nice body." She took the opportunity to run her hand over his chest. "I've wanted to do that all day." She smiled at him and blushed a bit.

"We also love that you're in the military and that you have a tough, demanding job. Para-rescue doesn't allow for any flakes or weirdo's. So we're confident that you're a quality guy, who is emotionally stable. We've had so much fun with you today. It's clear we all get along and I know that's important to John."

DeShawn looked over at me. "Are you ok with this John? Seriously now, be honest."

"Yes, definitely. Actually it was my idea." Becca nodded at DeShawn and he raised his eyebrows.

"DeShawn, the fact that you're single is important too, because we don't want to hurt anyone's relationship. We've considered asking our friends, but that's way too awkward and all of our friends are married, so it really wouldn't work."

"I get that part John, really I do, but have you considered that the baby will obviously not be yours? Everyone will know that you're not the father. You're really ok with that situation?"

John smiled at DeShawn. "DeShawn, the little girl we tried to adopt was black. She was absolutely beautiful and we honestly don't care about the race of the baby. All of our friends, our family and even our squadron commander and first sergeant are aware of our situation. It would surprise no one, that the baby is black or brown or green or purple."

DeShawn looked impressed. "Wow. That's great to hear, but now it's my turn to ask a few personal questions."

"Fire Away." John imitated DeShawn's voice when he replied and DeShawn laughed.

"Will I get to see the baby? I mean, I will be its biological father." Becca immediately replied.

"Yes absolutely DeShawn. John and I would legally adopt the baby and have full custody, but we would definitely want you to be a part of the child's life. You are welcome to visit the child anytime. You will always be welcome in our home." She leaned forward and hugged his arm.

"Wow. Thank you. How about financial support? I'm not trying to be insensitive, but I thought we should discuss it."

"We would provide everything for the child DeShawn. We wouldn't expect you to provide any kind of support, unless it was something you felt compelled to do."

DeShawn nodded and looked conflicted. "Yea, I'll have to think about that one."

"DeShawn, it's completely up to you. We will never put any pressure on you to provide support. At the same time, if you wanted to do something for the child, we wouldn't stop or prevent you."

"Thank you John, Becca. I really appreciate it. I'm not the type of guy, who would just get a woman pregnant and then ignore the child. But honestly, I've never thought about this type of situation. It does kind of seem tailor-made for our situation."

They all exchanged glances and nodded. DeShawn seemed to come to conclusion, because he took a big sip of his drink and pulled Becca close to him.

"Ok, I agree." DeShawn was smiling, but his expression turned serious. "I will do my best to knock Becca up this week, but I need something from both of you." He paused, glanced at Becca, but fixed John with a serious stare. "I want Becca to be my girlfriend for the rest of the week. I'm also ok with you watching, if you want, but I'd like to have some alone time with her at first."

John started to protest, but Becca got there first. "That's fine DeShawn, but I don't want to just leave John all alone."

DeShawn looked at her. "Ok, anytime we're out of our hotel rooms, John can come with us. You're still with me though, even if we're out in public. You're my girl."

Becca nodded. "That's fine with me. Is that ok with you honey?"

It wasn't ok with John, but he didn't see a way around it. Besides, it was only a week and they would still be doing things together. He finally nodded at both of them. DeShawn took that as approval. He gently pulled Becca's face towards him and kissed her. The kiss started soft, but the intensity built quickly and John could see their tongues wrestling with each other.

Becca melted into DeShawns chest and arms. She snuggled closer to him and ran her hands over his chest and stomach. John heard her moan slightly, into DeShawn's mouth. John sat, watched and felt something he hadn't felt in a while; his cock was getting hard. It was extremely erotic for John and he was surprised at his own reaction. He had never seen Becca act this way with anyone else and it affecting John in an unexpected way.

John signaled the waiter and asked for the check. If the waiter saw anything unusual, he gave no sign of it. John was actually grateful now that he had walked in after DeShawn and Becca. The check came and he paid it and waited. DeShawn and Becca had stopped kissing, but they were whispering to each other. Becca looked over her shoulder and realized that the bill had been settled and that John was waiting on them. A guilty look crossed her face and she pulled back from DeShawn.

"Are we all set honey?"

"Yep." John replied. "What do you two kids want to do next?" He looked at Becca, but it was DeShawn that answered.

"Dancing. Becca said she wanted to go dancing, so let's find a club." He rose and held his hand out to Becca. She smiled at him, took it and rose out of the booth. DeShawn looked over at John. "Becca will ride with me John and you can follow us." His voice was soft, but authoritative and John didn't argue.

They walked out of the restaurant with John in tow. John noticed that they held hands the entire time. DeShawn led her to his car again and opened the door for her. He smiled at John and slid into the driver's seat.

John did a much better job of keeping up with DeShawn this time. DeShawn held Becca's hand as they entered the club and paid for her cover charge. John paid for himself and followed them inside. The club was about half full, so they didn't have any issues finding a table. They ordered another round of drinks and then DeShawn asked Becca to dance. Once they hit the dance floor, it was an awesome sight. Becca loved to dance and she was very good at it. Whenever they went to clubs, she rarely sat down and frequently spent most of the night dancing with a variety of guys. She never let it go past a dance or two, so John never got jealous and most guys couldn't keep up with her anyway. That definitely wasn't true in DeShawn's case. It was obvious he could move on the dance floor.

Becca looked at DeShawn in surprise and then approval. They moved together and their bodies picked up the same rhythm. It was sensual, very sexy and they were getting a lot of attention. They moved their bodies apart and kept dancing. John found himself enjoying the show. DeShawn danced with Becca for several songs and they were both out of breath when they came back to the table.

"Hey Honey. Isn't DeShawn a great dancer?"

"Yes and it's obvious he was playing around earlier, when he said he barely knew how to dance. He's just full of surprises."

DeShawn laughed. "Well, I'm either deployed or just back from being deployed, so the guys I hang out with usually hit a club. We like to party when we get back into town. It's a great way to blow off steam and relax."

DeShawn was standing with his arm around Becca and he pulled her close again and kissed her. Becca turned her body to face him and put her arms around his neck. What started as a normal kiss; turned passionate, very quickly. Becca pulled him to her and slid her entire body against DeShawn. He responded by moving his hands down her sides and hips, before finally stopping on her ass. He gently squeezed her ass and pulled it into him. Once again, John felt his cock start to stir. The contrast in their skin tones was sexy and beautiful.

Becca finally pulled back and patted DeShawn's chest. "I have to use the ladies room. I'll be back shortly." DeShawn nodded and dropped his hands. "Hurry back, we have some more dancing to do."

"Yes sir." Becca winked and walked away. DeShawn and John both admired her backside as she walked away.

A low whistle escaped DeShawn lips and he glanced over. "Wow John. You are one lucky man."

"Yea, she is amazing. DeShawn, she is also the center of my world, so please treat her respectfully."

The look he gave DeShawn was direct and full of meaning. It wasn't lost on DeShawn either and he reached over and held out his hand. John took it and they measured each other again as they shook hands.

"John, I will definitely treat her with respect." John nodded his thanks. "Did you know you're wife used to date black men exclusively?"

"Ugh. Yes, I do." He gave DeShawn a wry smile. "I've always found it kind of sexy. It doesn't bother me in the least now. It did when she first told me, but only because I was worried I wasn't big enough for her."

DeShawn nodded and smiled. "It's not often you find a white guy, who is comfortable with his wife having gone black. So you don't worry about her going black again?"

John rocked his head from side to side. "Honestly no. Becca has never given me any reason to think she's not happy. We wouldn't be doing this, except there isn't another option. There is no way Becca would go to some sperm bank. It's just not her personality."

DeShawn nodded and took looked around the club. He liked John and Becca and he felt like he won the lottery this week. He couldn't believe though, that John would share Becca. In his place, there would be no way DeShawn would share her, even if she wanted to get pregnant. He still couldn't believe his luck. Well, if he could help them by getting Becca pregnant; that was fine with him. If he could be involved in the child's life as it grew up, that was even better. It was Icing on the cake, as far as he was concerned.

He saw Becca walking back to his table and set his drink down. He moved to intercept her before she got to the table. He grabbed her by the wrist and steered her towards the dance floor. Becca smiled at him and moved towards the dance floor. Before they stepped onto the floor, she pulled DeShawn to her and whispered into his ear.

"DeShawn, I know what it means when a black man holds a white woman by the wrist. You are so bad." She snuggled next to him, one last time before they started moving to music.

Becca loved dancing with DeShawn. He moved fluidly on the dance floor and his muscles were outlined nicely in what he was wearing. She moved close to him and leaned her back into his chest. They danced slowly together, her hands ran over his thighs and she brushed his groin several times. It was obvious that he was very well endowed and she could barely wait to unleash that monster. She was wet already.

Her college days flashed through her head. She had a lot of fun in college and she loved being able to date black men openly. Interracial dating was frowned up on where she grew up and even though her parents were fine with her dating black guys, she still resisted. It wasn't until she got to college that she really explored the world of black men and she loved it. She found them sexy, their confidence, their athleticism and of course, their silky black skin. She loved the contrast between her light skin and all the different skin tones among black men. The fact that they all seemed to be universally well-endowed, was really amazing. Her white boyfriends had seemed big at the time, but she realized later that they were average to below average in size.

She dated one athlete from a fraternity on campus and then dated several of the guys in the fraternity. Dated probably wasn't the best word. She was more like passed-around by some of the athletes, but she didn't care. She loved it and enjoyed every minute of it. It was the athletes that suggested she get her tattoo. When they explained it's meaning, she remembered laughing and insisting it be bigger. They wanted it to be on her ankle, but she decided to put in on her hip. It was just sexier there, than on the ankle.

Her scholarship eventually ran out and she had to decide whether to stay in college and take out loans or do something else. It was at the same time that she had a bad experience at a party and decided that she needed a change. While she loved dating black men and the whole college experience, she realized it couldn't continue. The air force recruiter happened to be on campus that week, so everything fell into place.

She avoided dating while she went through basic training and tech school. She had a ton of offers, but she passed on all of them. John was the only one who didn't ask her out and that naturally made her curious. She thought he was really cute and she knew other girls did as well, but he was painfully shy. She spoke to the instructor and he agreed to let them work together. They worked well together and Becca finally broke through his shell.

They dated for several months and she found herself falling for him. He was very good-looking, although since he was so shy, most girls didn't notice. He was kind, generous and funny. He really opened up, once his walls came down. Once she realized how she felt about John, she filled him in on her history. She wasn't ashamed of it, but she thought he should know. He'd seen the tattoo and she wanted him to hear about what it meant, from her. She was relieved when John was totally ok with her dating history and she was ecstatic when he proposed. Since then their life had been almost idyllic, except for children.

DeShawn's arms circled her midsection and he pulled her back into him. She pulled back to reality and enjoyed the feel of his chest and abs against her back. She wiggled her ass and pressed it back against his cock. He was already semi-hard and god, did he feel good.

They danced for several more songs, before heading back to the table. John didn't seem upset at all and he greeted them with a fresh round of drinks. DeShawn declined and had a diet coke because he was driving, but Becca enjoyed hers. She was feeling very relaxed and happy. John was also drinking coke and they sat and enjoyed the music for a while. Becca had moved over and sat on DeShawn's lap, while they listened to music.

hey finished their drinks and decided to call it a night. Once again, DeShawn held Becca's wrist as they walked through the club. Becca received a lot of attention, particularly from other black guys, but they noticed how DeShawn was holding Becca and simply nodded. John felt mildly concerned, but figured they could talk about it later. They parted as they left the club and John walked over to his car. He didn't even consider asking if Becca would ride with him. That decision had been made already. There was a convenience store on the way back to the hotel and John stopped in and bought some whiskey. It was probably going to be the only company he was going to have tonight. A smile creased his face as the pulled out the parking lot. If everything goes well with DeShawn and we actually conceive on this vacation, it will be worth it, he thought to himself.

He pulled into the parking lot and headed towards his room. He saw DeShawn's car was already parked, so they clearly got here ahead of him. Laughter greeted him, when he opened the door to their hotel room. Becca was giggling and laughing on the bed and DeShawn was sitting astride her and tickling her. He was trying to make her say something, but she wouldn't and his entrance almost went unnoticed. Becca didn't see him, because DeShawn blocked her view, but DeShawn saw him and grinned.

"Say it Becca, or I'll tickle you all night."

"No. Don't you dare mister."

"Oooh Kay, you asked for it." He ran his fingers along her ribs and Becca went crazy. She was laughing hysterically and kicking her feet.

"Stop, Stop. Ok, you have a big cock. There are you happy?"

He laughed, leaned down and kissed her. "Yes, now I'm happy." He sat back on his hips and while holding her gaze, he asked. "Hey John, what took you so long?"

Becca's eyes got huge and her face burned with embarrassment. She hadn't seen John enter the room and she definitely wouldn't have said that, if she had known he was in the room. She glared at DeShawn and punched his chest lightly. She mouthed, You Jerk, to DeShawn, but he just smiled back at her. She pushed DeShawn off of her and went over to her husband.

"John, honey, he made me say that. You saw him ticking me, I can't stand being tickled." She kissed his cheek and rubbed his back. "I'm sorry. Don't be mad." She gave him her puppy-dog eyes and smiled.

John struggled to remain calm and nonchalant. "Don't worry about it Becca. Hey look, I picked up some refreshments." He showed her the bottle and set it down on the table. "I'm just going to get some ice and I'll be right back." He picked up the ice bucket and left.

Becca was worried now. She knew her husband and that little scene bothered him. She looked over at DeShawn, who was still lying on the bed. He shrugged at her. Obviously he didn't know what to do either.

"Should I go after him?"

"No Becca. He's going to be right back and I think chasing after him would make things more awkward. Let's open the bottle and wait for him."

"I guess you're right. Ok."

DeShawn was right and minutes later John came in with a bucket full of ice. Becca looked up at him and smiled. "We opened the bottle honey, now we just need your ice."

They sat around the table and sipped the whiskey. Well, DeShawn and Becca sipped the whiskey. John decided to gulp his and he was two drinks ahead of them in no time.

"Slow down there honey. Are you in a hurry?" Becca reached over and placed her hand on his arm. "You're going to have a helluva hangover tomorrow if you're not careful."

John had the reckless courage that alcohol always inspires and he smiled at Becca and DeShawn. "Nonsense baby. I'm good. I don't have to drive anymore tonight and I don't have anywhere to be tomorrow morning. It's only Monday night and we have all week to enjoy summer time at the beach. It's all good."

John had stretched out the last three words and tried to add a southern accent as he said it. It actually came out "It's alllllll gooooood." It was hideous attempt at humor, but it was still funny because he was trying so hard.

DeShawn laughed and Becca smiled at him, concern still showing on her face. She patted his arm and continued to sip her whiskey. John poured his third glass and added some ice. As he was pouring DeShawn and Becca exchanged glances and DeShawn nodded.

"John, I'm going to head back over to my room. I'll see you in the morning? If you're feeling ok, we can go for a run."

John raised his glass to DeShawn and took another gulp of his whiskey. Becca got up and saw DeShawn to the door. They whispered for a few seconds and then John heard the door close. Becca came over and sat on John's lap. Her face showed concern and worry.

"John, are you ok? Really honey, we don't have to do this with DeShawn. I will stay here with you tonight." She stroked his arm. "I love you, please don't ever believe different."

John nodded to her. He was clearly feeling the alcohol and it loosened his tongue a bit. "Becca, I thought I would be ok with this, but it's harder than I realized." Becca nodded for him to continue.

"I mean, I really want this to happen. I want us to conceive a baby. I do. I just didn't expect to have you become his girlfriend for the week and now that the moment as arrived, I'm having trouble with it." He shrugged his shoulders and finished off his whiskey.

He reached for the bottle again, but Becca stopped him. "No John, you've had enough for now baby. Please wait for a while, before you have another one. I'll get undressed and we can get ready for bed." She got up and went to the bathroom. John looked out the window towards the water. Even at night, the beach was beautiful. He could see the waves rolling into the shore. The white, champagne tips of the waves rolled up onto the beach. The sound of the ocean was very soothing and he closed his eyes.

You want this to happen. Becca wants this to happen and DeShawn wants this to happen, he scolded himself. Just man-up and deal with it. You will get your wife back and you'll have a baby to boot. He opened his eyes and nodded to himself. You can do this and besides, if it gets too uncomfortable, I'm sure you can stop it.

He got up and went into the bathroom. Becca was sliding a t-shirt over her head and John got a great view of her flat stomach and lacy panties. The shirt dropped over her head and John surprised her with a kiss. He hugged her tightly.

"Honey. I want you to go over to DeShawn." Becca started to protest, but John put his finger over her lips. "I've thought about it and I'm ok with it. Really I am. It's not the liquor talking."

"But-"

"Becca, it's ok. We talked about this and it's something we both want. Heck, even DeShawn wants it. This is our best chance to have a baby, let's not waste it. Please."

It was the 'Please' that did it. Becca had never refused John anything when he said please. She hugged him tightly and turned to change. John stepped back to give her room and Becca pulled out a Baby-Doll lingerie set. It was new and she had it on in no time.

"Wow. You look so sexy." John whistled and kissed her on the cheek.

"One last time John, are you sure?"

"Yes Honey. Go, but please come back to me." She smiled at John and looked in to his eyes.

"I will always come back to you!" She turned and walked out our door. John was shocked a little, because she was only wearing the lingerie. She didn't put anything on over it, but a few seconds later John heard DeShawn's door open and close. John walked over and filled another glass of whiskey.

John flopped down on the bed and turned on the TV. He picked an action flick and stared numbly at the TV. Occasionally, he would bring his glass of whiskey to his lips. He had transitioned to sipping the whiskey, because he didn't want to pass out. It was inevitable, he thought, as he started to hear moans come through the walls. Becca had always been a moaner and he loved it. Even some of their neighbors had mentioned it from time to time, just to tease them.

He turned up the volume on the TV and tried to focus on the movie. It didn't work, his mind kept drifting over to DeShawn's room. He could still hear a load moan every now and then and it turned him on. He felt himself start to get erect as listened harder and tried to catch more of Becca's moans. He found himself turning down the TV volume. He finally muted the TV and leaned back against the wall.

Becca's moans were familiar, but harder, more insistent tonight. DeShawns lower voice was harder to hear, but John could still hear him groan. He was also talking to Becca, but John couldn't make out the words. John started to stroke his cock, slowly at first. He imagined how Becca was getting fucked and how she loved fucking black men. He was stroking furiously now. He lunged from the bed and hurried into the bathroom. He stood over the toilet stroking, imagining Becca and DeShawn together. His hips jerked and he released into the toilet. He stood there breathing heavy and thinking about DeShawn and Becca. Eventually he moved over to wash his hands and get ready for bed. He lay down again was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.

A gentle nudging brought John back to consciousness. He opened his eyes and realized he had a small headache, but also a visitor. DeShawn was standing next to the bed, in workout clothes, gently shaking him.

"Hey dude. Get up, we need to hit the beach. You need to break a sweat, because that will help with the hangover" DeShawn was smiling and entirely too happy for this early in the morning.

John wasn't convinced, but he nodded and rolled out of bed. He stepped into the bathroom changed, ran a brush over his teeth and walked out to the beach. DeShawn was waiting for him and was already warming up.

"Hey sleeping beauty. It took you long enough."

"Sorry, I drank too much last night."

It was apparent that they weren't going to discuss Becca right now. They were just two guys, getting ready for a run. The beach was beautiful this morning and John tried to enjoy it. The wind came off the water and it nice and cool. The water seemed bluer this morning than usual. The seagulls were everywhere and their familiar cry rang out over the beach. Despite the hammering in his head, John enjoyed being at the beach during the summer. It was a special time of year.

They finished their warm up and started out. John ran to stay in shape, so he was able to keep up with DeShawn. They ran close to the water, where the sand was packed harder and the surface was easier to run on. Neither of them spoke, they locked into each other's energy and just jogged down the beach. It hurt at first and John's head was pounding, but after the first mile, John felt a lot better.

They passed hotels and single family homes on their run and the tourists were starting to make an appearance. The beach was coming alive with hotels setting up their lounge chairs and little kids collecting sea shells. There were a few other joggers out this morning and they got a nod and a "Hey" as DeShawn and John passed. A small drink stand was just setting up right at their turnaround point. They both stopped and grabbed a bottle of water. John chugged his, while DeShawn looked on smiling.

"A little dehydrated this morning John?"

"Just a little." John finished the bottle and threw it in the trash. "The friends I was out with last night, let me drink too much." He smiled.

"Whatever, I seem to remember Becca trying to slow you down, but maybe I'm wrong."

"Yea, whatever. You ready to head back?"

"Sure, want to race?" DeShawn threw it out there lightly, but he was serious.

"You're on, first one to the hotel wins."

"Cool...go!"

It was 2.5 miles back to the hotel, so neither one of them sprinted. They carefully paced each other, waiting for the other make a move. John ran track in high school and had won several track meets, so he felt confident. DeShawn had been on grueling runs for his Para-rescue training and he also ran every day to keep in good shape. Gradually, their pace increased. If you asked them, each would say the other was the one who started going faster. The result however was that they were flying down the beach with a half a mile left to go.

John was starting to get worried, because DeShawn looked strong next to him. He hoped he might start to struggle, but it didn't look that way to John. Interestingly enough, DeShawn was also thinking the same thing about John. Their pace increased again, both of them pushing themselves hard. What had started as a simple race, had turned into something serious for both of them.

DeShawn put on a fresh burst of speed and pulled a step ahead of John. John saw it and let him stay there. It put DeShawn in a tough position, because he couldn't see John from his position. It also allowed John to draft a bit from DeShawn. They ran in those positions for another quarter of a mile. As they neared the finish line, John made his move. He knew he'd only have one chance to get a lead and keep it, so he burst into a sprint and pulled ahead of DeShawn.

It was close, John didn't get the lead he was hoping for and he was just barely in front of DeShawn. They were both sprinting now and John's track training returned as he leaned forward at the very end. It was a close finish and if it had been an official race, it may have been a photo finish.

They ran for a few more feet and slowed to a walk. Neither of them could talk at this point, so they just continued to walk and catch their breath. The sound of clapping turned their heads and they saw Becca walking towards them. She had on a new bathing suit, a blue two piece bikini.

It wasn't a micro-bikini, like yesterday, but it still showed off her assets very well. The bottoms had small gold hoops that connected both sides together and it really looked hot on Becca. She approached both of the guys with a big smile.

"How are my men this morning? Were you racing over little old me?"

DeShawn answered first. "No, but you are definitely worth racing over. You didn't mention that your husband was a runner. He just about beat my ass in that race."

"Whatever dude." John barked a laugh. "Call it a tie?"

"Deal." They shook hands again

Becca laughed and clapped her hands. "A tie it is. Now I'm hungry. Take me to breakfast."

She came over and kissed John. "I'd hug you, but you're all sweaty and I just got out of the shower."

"No problem babe." She walked over to DeShawn and kissed him as well.

"I'll congratulate you later, Mister." DeShawn laughed. "You better."

They all headed back to the rooms so DeShawn and John could take showers. Becca went into her room with John and helped him undress. He took a quick shower and dried off.

"Honey, can I do anything for you?" Becca's voice came from their bed. John peaked around the corner and Becca was naked. Her legs were spread on the bed and she was rubbing her pussy.

"Come here baby. I wanted to make you smile."

John walked over to the bed, with a silly grin on his face. He felt himself start to get erect and he really wanted Becca at the moment. Becca scooted over and took his cock in her mouth. She looked up at him and kept sucking his cock.

The worst thing started to happen to John. He started to worry about losing his erection, which broke his concentration, which caused him to lose his erection. It was a vicious cycle. Becca felt John's cock start to go limp in her mouth and decided to try something new. She squeezed it to get his attention.

"Hey. Look at me John. I want you to cum in my mouth." Becca decided to try talking dirty to John as a way to keep him focused on her.

"You want to cum in my mouth baby? How about cum on my face? Would you like that?" She was really getting into this herself.

The blood flow returned to John's cock and it started to get hard again. It was working!

"I love cock in my mouth, especially yours John. Do you like seeing me with cock in my mouth? Would you like to see me with DeShawn's cock in my mouth?"

John's eyes bulged and he came immediately. He was surprised at how powerful that image was for him. His body shuddered as he finished in Becca's mouth. Becca swallowed and smiled up at John.

"Wow. You kind of liked that didn't you?" She had a strange look on her face as she watched John blush. She got up and fixed her hair and make-up, while John got dressed. She resolved herself to start talking dirty with John more often.

They met DeShawn outside their room and headed to the breakfast place. They rode together this morning and John drove, with Becca sitting next to him. It was quiet in the car and they pulled into the restaurant in just a few minutes. The waitress seated them in a booth, but it was a booth that two sides, separated by the table. Becca sat next to DeShawn. The reality of their situation came back with a rush and John had to forcibly relax.

DeShawn and Becca were sharing a menu and talking about what they were going to order. Becca's had had disappeared under the table and it looked like she was rubbing DeShawn's leg. John buried his head in his menu and took slow deep breaths. He knew what he was going to order, but he didn't put the menu down until the waitress came back. He gave his order and sipped at his water. DeShawn and Becca had been whispering while he was looking at the menu (using it as cover?); and they looked over at him now.

Becca's face was carefully neutral. "John, what were you thinking we would do today?" Putting his water down, John shrugged back at her.

"I haven't given it any thought Becca. Why, what's on your mind?"

"Well there's a water park on the island and I was thinking the three of us could check it out." She looked at DeShawn and he nodded, but John got the sense that it was already agreed with DeShawn. He thought about it and nodded as well.

"Sounds fun."

They finished breakfast and headed off to the waterpark. It did turn out to be fun. They had a blast on the water slides and the pool was great. Becca divided her time pretty well between John and DeShawn and that helped reassure John.

There was one point however, when John was in line for the waterslide and he looked down and saw DeShawn and Becca kissing. They had found two lounge chairs under an umbrella and they were kissing. She had sat down again on his lap and had her hands over his shoulders. She was using her big sunhat as cover, but it was obvious they were kissing.

DeShawn had her lay down and then started rubbing sunscreen into her skin. John couldn't move and the person behind him actually had to give him a little nudge. John continued to walk up the stairs, but his eyes were glued to the scene below him. DeShawn's hands looked amazing against Becca's skin. He was rubbing the sunscreen in very slowly and took his time around her breasts and groin.

He had her roll over and lightly slapped her ass. Becca laughed and wiggled her butt at him. He continued to rub sunscreen into her legs, back and he moved her swimming suit in between her cheeks like a thong, to apply sunscreen on her ass. Becca laughed again and swatted his hands, before turning over onto her back and enjoying the sun.

John finally made it to the top and looked out of the ocean. Wow, the water was blue and the boats looked like little white dots. The breeze was stronger up here and he could smell the salty smell of the ocean. It was finally his turn and he flew down the waterslide, before it dumped him into the pool. He emerged from the pool to see Becca and DeShawn applauding. He bowed slightly and continued over to them.

Water sprayed over Becca and DeShawn as John shook his head vigorously. "How's it going guys?" He laughed.

"Just great John" Becca complained. "Thanks for getting me all wet." John smiled at her. "Well, I'm glad I can still get you wet Becca!"

DeShawn barked a laugh at the innuendo and Becca just glared at him. "You're so bad. Both of you have one-track minds. Men."

It was mid-afternoon and they decided they'd had enough of the water park. Gathering their things, they made their way back to the car and eventually the hotel. John and Becca flopped down on their bed with a heavy sigh.

"It feels nice to be back in our room. I love me some air conditioning." Becca said as she rolled onto her side facing John.

"How are you and I doing John? Are you ok with everything so far?" Her hand rested lightly on his chest and John stared up at the ceiling.

"Becca, I think we're ok. I'm still madly in love with you and I still really want to have children with you. That hasn't changed at all." He finally looked over at her. "It's not easy seeing you with DeShawn, but I'm dealing with it."

"Good. I'm glad John. I agree."

John waited. I agree, he thought? That's it? He expected to hear Becca tell him that she loved him, but those words weren't spoken. Hurt and anger started to build inside him.

"Are you going to want me back after this week? After all, I'm not black?"

Becca rose up on her elbow and her face was shocked. "What?"

"You heard me Becca. It's obvious that you're enjoying this and it's not just because you might get pregnant. You like being with DeShawn, because he's black. Just admit it."

"John, I thought you said you were ok. Where is this coming from?" Becca looked genuinely confused.

"Becca, I heard you moaning all last night. You sounded like you were having a lot more fun with him, than you usually do with me?

"John" -Becca started, but John cut her off.

"I also just told you that I'm madly in love with you! I'm trying really hard to deal with this situation, because it was my fucking idea. But I tell you that I love you and your response is 'I Agree'. That's it?" Anger started t cloud John's judgment, but he felt hurt by Beccas response.

"Tell me Becca, how many times did he fuck you last night? How many orgasms did you have? I'll bet you remember that! You can't remember to tell me that you love me, but I'll bet you remember the size of his cock!"

Tears were welling up in Beccas eyes as John finished his rant. She got up, grabbed the box of tissues off the table and sat back down on the bed. She was crying in earnest now and John felt like shit. He hated it when Becca cried and it was worse when he was the cause. Becca wiped her eyes and stared at John.

"You can be a real bastard sometimes John." Her voice was shaking. "This isn't an easy situation for me either. I do love you. I love you more than anything in the world. I'm sorry if I didn't respond the right way, but I can't read your mind you know."

John nodded and hung his head. He didn't know what to say to Becca. He felt her hand rub his shoulder and he looked up at her. "I'm sorry baby."

"You're forgiven. I'm sorry too." The hug was tight and it lasted for a while. They fell back onto the bed and rolled onto their sides, facing each other.

Silence hung in the air, before Becca broke it with one word.

"Five"

John's eyebrows almost disappeared they rose so fast. He stared at Becca, who gave him a wicked smile. She reached out and trailed her hand down his chest, past his stomach and cupped his groin.

"DeShawn fucked me five times last night and I lost count of my orgasms. I think I had at least 3 orgasms each time he fucked me." She squeezed John's cock and noticed that it was getting hard again. John felt it as well and leaned over and kissed her, hard.

Becca broke the kiss and continued.

"He fucked me three times before we got too tired and went to sleep. He woke me up once, during the night and fucked me. Finally, this morning I attacked him. John his cock is sooo nice. It's at least 10 inches and thick, holy cow is it thick. The first time we fucked, he had to go really slow and eventually I had to mount him, so I could control it better."

The sound of John's panting was becoming louder. He was hard, painfully erect, but he didn't want Becca to stop. He loved hearing this from her.

"The second time was much easier and by the third time, I had stretched to accommodate him. I'm still very tight for him, but once I get wet enough, he slides in me easily."

Becca reached down and pulled John's swimming trunks down. She stroked his cock, slowly, while gauging his reaction. She'd never seen him this turned on. His cock was rock hard and she could tell he was ready. She considered putting him inside her, but after last night, it was unlikely he would feel anything. She wasn't kidding that DeShawn had stretched her pretty good.

She moved her head down on his cock and took him in her mouth. She had barely started to move her head, when she felt him cum. I filled her mouth and she swallowed quickly. There wasn't much, but it was still a surprise. She lifted her head off of his cock and looked up at him. His chest rose and fell quickly, indicating he was out of breath.

"Wow that was awesome Becca! Thank you."

"You're welcome. I enjoyed it as well." Becca paused. "John, I noticed that you like it when I talk about DeShawn. Would you like to watch us together?"

He fell back on the bed and took a deep breath. "No, Becca. That's ok. I don't want to interfere or make things more difficult. I'm also not sure I could handle it, if I watched."

Nodding her head, Becca decided not to push, but she did want to speak with DeShawn about it. It seemed there might be a way to include John and that would be perfect for Becca. She went to the bathroom to clean up. She texted DeShawn and let him know that they were going to take a quick nap and he said he was thinking the same thing.

She lay down next to John, who was already sleeping and stared at the ceiling. She was tired, but she was also thinking about what John said earlier. She was enjoying DeShawn, because he was gorgeous, very nicely muscled and, she admitted to herself, because he was black. That was still a huge turn-on for her and she loved the thought of DeShawn getting her pregnant. That thought played in her mind, until she drifted off to sleep.

Once everyone was up from their nap, no one felt like going out to a bar or club. They decided to go to a movie on the island and then call it a night. John convinced them to take his car, so they wouldn't get separated and didn't have to take two cars. DeShawn got into the back seat with Becca when they reached the car. He gave John a smile and a wink, as John took the driver's seat. The movie theater was a few minutes away, but just as John was pulling out of the parking lot, he heard kissing in the back seat. He struggled to keep his eyes on the road, because his eyes kept getting pulled into the rear view mirror. DeShawns lips were locked on Beccas, while his hand had disappeared under her shit and was caressing her breast. Occasional moans and gasps were the only sounds in the car and they seemed to echo in the silence.

The drive seemed to take forever, for John, but they finally arrived at the theater. There was a small line, so they picked a movie, got their tickets and some soft drinks. When they entered the theater, DeShawn stopped John.

"Hey bud, do you mind if we sit separate from each other?" John glanced over at Becca, but she was looking in the other direction, sipping on her soda. "No, I guess not DeShawn. I was going to sit in the middle, near the side aisle, so I guess you guys can sit wherever."

"Cool man, I really appreciate it." He gave John an affectionate punch on the shoulder and grabbed Beccas wrist again and guided her to the very top row of seats. They were in the very back of the theater. Just like teenagers, John thought to himself.

The movie started and John was surprised at how good it was. He momentarily stopped thinking about Becca and DeShawn and just enjoyed the movie. At one point however, he did look back just out of curiosity and he didn't see Becca. DeShawn was sitting up, watching the movie, but John didn't see Becca at all. He assumed she went to the restroom and turned back to watch the movie.

DeShawn woke from his nap and immediately thought of Becca. He wanted to text her and invite her over to his room. He needed her again. She was amazing and so sexy; he could barely wait to get her naked again. When John suggested seeing a movie, DeShawn was pleased, because it meant they would be back at the room sooner. He knew if they had gone to a bar, they would have been out late.

When they got to the car, DeShawn guided Becca to the back seat and she gave him a mischievous smile. She knew what he was thinking and she was willing. As soon as John started the car, DeShawn attacked her. He thrust his tongue urgently into her mouth and slipped his hand under her shirt and massaged her breast. He found her nipple and rolled it between his fingers. Becca responded immediately with a low moan and she started panting. Beccas hand found DeShawns cock and rubbed it gently over his jeans. He was already semi-hard and Beccas touch, made him crazy with lust.

DeShawn knew that John might get upset if he asked to sit separately, but he didn't care. He would deal with John if he got upset, or he would ask Becca to deal with John. Either way, he wanted Becca to himself tonight. He didn't mind John coming along, but he wanted Becca at his side and some space from John. Fortunately, John agreed and he grabbed Becca and steered her towards the back of the theater. Becca knew what DeShawn was thinking and she was already moist.

They took their seats and were fortunately the only ones in their row. They were in the very back and their seats were the highest, so they had as much privacy as possible in a theater. This was a new type of theater that served food, while the movie was playing. So there was more room between the rows of seats. DeShawn controlled himself and was able to wait until the previews and commercials were over, before he pulled Becca into another kiss. DeShawns hand found her breast again and he gently caressed her nipple. Becca moaned into his mouth and ran her hand down his chest, until she found his cock again. Once she felt his cock, something seemed to break in Becca. She pulled back from the kiss and whispered in his ear.

"I need to suck your cock DeShawn. God I want you in my mouth so bad." She bit his ear and squeezed his cock at the same time.

He gave a low groan and nodded to Becca. "Suck my cock bitch!"

Becca didn't lean over; she got completely out of her seat and knelt down in front of DeShawn. She didn't care that the floor was dirty and she didn't care if the people below saw them. She felt possessed and quickly unzipped DeShawns pants and freed his cock. DeShawn sat back as far as he could in his seat. It was a tight fit for Becca, but she made it work. The chairs in front of them were high enough also, that she didn't appear visible to the people sitting below them.

Becca latched onto the head of DeShawns cock and licked it, enjoying the salty pre-cum that had coated the tip. She ran her tongue up and down his cock slowly and felt his cock grow harder under her tongue. She focused on getting his cock very wet with saliva, before thrusting as much of it down her throat as possible. The first few times, she was easily able to get halfway, but it took her a bit before she was able to deep-throat his entire cock. A surge or pride ran through her. I can still do it, she thought. When she was in college she actually worked hard at being able to take the biggest cocks down her throat. Eventually she was able to do exactly that and it made her very popular with the Fraternity brothers she was dating.

She felt DeShawns cock grow harder in her mouth and she pushed his entire cock down her throat and held it. Holder her breath was required, when she did this, but it felt great and she could tell DeShawn enjoyed it as well. Her head came back up and she took a quick breath, before she felt DeShawns hand on the back of her head.

"Here I cum! Swallow it all Becca!"

Her lips clamped on his cock and she felt his cum hit the back of her throat. It was warm, rich and creamy and she swallowed quickly. DeShawn was a heavy cummer, so she had to swallow several times before she was sure he was finished. Running her tongue over the tip of his cock one last time, Becca felt DeShawn shiver a bit. She moved back to her seat and smiled at DeShawn, who was recovering from a great orgasm and adjusting his shorts. He thought was probably the best head he'd ever received. He looked over at Becca again and saw her smiling at him.

DeShawn leaned over and whispered in her ear. "You are amazing Becca. That was outstanding, thank you." He bit her ear softly and pulled back to watch the movie.

Becca leaned over and put her head on his shoulder. A few minutes went by, before DeShawn felt Becca kissing his neck. She moved upwards and kissed his cheek, before whispering to him.

"You better fuck me later mister. You've got me all hot and bothered over here, so your cock better be up for a long night."

DeShawn laughed and squeezed her arm. He thought he saw John look up earlier, but in the dim light he couldn't tell. He was also focused on receiving and amazing blow job, so he wasn't really paying attention.

The movie ended and they rejoined John and headed back to the hotel. Becca sat in front with John on the way home and held his hand. She had discussed this with DeShawn before the movie ended, so he was ok with it. The trio split up when they got back to their rooms and Becca went with John. Once inside their room, Becca started slipping into a new bra and panties set, while John watched her. They made small talk as she finished getting ready.

She faced him when she was done. "I'm all set honey. Are you still ok, if I spend the night with DeShawn? I'll stay here if you want."

John admired his wife. She looked so sexy in just a bra and panties and he wanted her to stay with him tonight. He was committed to this agreement though and he wanted to see it through. It was Tuesday night already, so they only had two more nights, because they were leaving Friday morning.

He shook his head and smiled at Becca. "No baby. Go over to DeShawns room and spend the night. I'll be fine and we'll have breakfast in the morning. I love you." He held his arms out and Becca quickly moved into them and gave him a tight hug.

"I love you too John. Please remember that, because I'll never stop." They held each other for a few more minutes, before Becca slipped a large T-shirt over her bra and panties and left for DeShawns room.

John got ready for bed and flipped on the TV. He really hoped sleep would come quickly, but he didn't feel tired. An hour went by and he didn't hear anything from the other room. He guessed that his conversation earlier in the day, was the reason Becca wasn't moaning as loud as last night. He tried to re-direct his thoughts, but they boomeranged right back to Becca and DeShawn.

He knew it was a bad idea, but he couldn't resist. He got out of bed and dressed quickly. He carefully and quietly left the room and walked over to the DeShawns room. He listened at the door for a second and he could definitely hear Becca moaning now. There was a small sliver of light coming from the window to DeShawns room. He slid over and realized it was a small crack in the curtains. It wasn't a good view, because it had one of those sheer curtains still covering the crack, but he could make out shapes and general movement. It was enough also, to see difference in their skin tones.

John was barely able to see Beccas arms and legs and was surprised at how small she seemed under DeShawn. He knew DeShawn was muscular and much bigger than Becca, but she looked so tiny underneath him. DeShawns ass was moving quickly up and down on top of Becca and it was the most erotic thing John had ever seen. Beccas legs were spread wide and her arms were holding on for dear life to DeShawns shoulders.

As he stood next to the window, John realized he was erect, almost painfully erect. It also dawned on him just how suspicious he would look if someone were to see him. The classic peeping Tom type situation and he would probably get arrested. He reluctantly went back to his room and quietly closed the door. He stripped and went directly to the toilet and finished within minutes. As he lay down, he thought seriously about asking Becca if he could watch next time.

He was up early the next morning and stepped out to take a run on the beach again. He considered waking DeShawn, but he wasn't sure if he was ready to see them in bed together. Running gave him time and space to think about their situation. He paused before starting to run, just to enjoy the morning. He loved summer time and spending it at South Padre Island was as close to perfect as you could get. The beach was quiet, except for the sound of the surf, and that had to be the most soothing sound known to mankind.

Stretches turned in to light calisthenics as John warmed up. He didn't need an injury, so even though he was in a hurry to get started, he completed his entire warm-up routine. His muscles were loose and he was walking towards the surf when he heard Collin's voice.

"Hey man. Are you seriously leaving a man behind here?" Collin's tone was light and friendly as he walked over to John.

"I didn't realize you were up and I didn't want to bother you or Becca this morning." They smiled at each other and shook hands.

"I always run in the morning. It doesn't matter where I'm at or what I'm doing, I go for a run. Unless I'm on a mission of course and then I'm usually so active, it doesn't matter." DeShawn said it so matter-of-factly, that most folks wouldn't understand that 'mission' meant combat for DeShawn. He was just one of those humble, professionals that usually went unnoticed. Being an introvert by nature, John appreciated that about DeShawn. He really was a great guy and John found that he genuinely liked DeShawn.

His thoughts must have shown on his face, because DeShawn gave him a weird look. "What's on your mind John?"

John shook his head. He felt a bit awkward and embarrassed. "Oh nothing much. I was just thinking that you're a pretty cool guy. I could try and dislike you, but I suspect I'd fail."

DeShawn cocked his head and looked like he was going to make a joke, but his face grew serious and simply said. "Thank you John." The awkward moment quickly passed and they started on their run.

They took it slow today and there was no racing. It was just a quiet run on the beach. John reflected that it was already Wednesday and they were leaving Friday morning. He ran down their activities in his head. We arrived on Monday and went to dinner with DeShawn. He agreed to fuck and impregnate my wife and she spent the night with him. Tuesday we hit the waterpark and caught a movie. Becca spent the night with DeShawn. I'm sure not sure what we're doing today, but Becca will probably be spending the night with DeShawn. He thought to himself.

They finished their run and sat down to enjoy the beach in front of their hotel. The waves were fairly large further out and John saw a few people trying to body surf in them.

"I love summer at the beach." DeShawns voice broke through John's thoughts like a wave. "My parents used to take me to the beach every summer. I loved the seagulls, the sand and the waves. Summer at the beach is the best place in the world for me. That's why I came down here after my rehabilitation was over."

John agreed. "It is nice. Although I'm partial to the bikinis, more than the sand, but I agree it's nice."

"Yea, the bikinis are nice."

It doesn't matter where they come from, what their background is or even if they speak the same language; most guys will agree on some stuff and bikinis are one of those things.

They stayed there for a while, talking sports and guy stuff. Frisbee's started flying in their direction, so they headed back to the rooms. Becca had already come over to her room with John and showered. She made reservations for breakfast, so John and DeShawn showered quickly and got dressed. Breakfast was standard hotel fare, with a menu that no one used, and a buffet. They decided to stay on the beach and relax. John wanted to try parasailing and DeShawn offered to go with him. Becca wanted to work on her tan, so they split up.

Parasailing was awesome and both John and DeShawn enjoyed it. They also rented Jet Skis and spent a few hours riding through the waves. It was a straight-up blast and they both were laughing and have a great time. Hunger eventually intruded on their good time and they headed back to the hotel to find Becca. She was on the beach, covered in sun screen, reading a book. She greeted both of "her boys" with a hug and they had lunch at the same restaurant in the hotel.

They parted ways after lunch, with John renting a small board to surf the waves. DeShawn wanted to check in with his commanding officer and see if there was any news about his friends. Becca headed back to the lounge chair to finish her book.

John was using the board to ride the waves into shore. He was part of a larger group and they would all try and jump on a wave and ride it in to shore. A few hours had passed, before he thought to look for Becca or DeShawn and he didn't see them. He walked into shore, dropped his board off at the lounge chair Becca had rented and walked back to the room. He noticed Beccas book and hat were still on the chair, so she was clearly coming back.

He got back to his room, but Becca wasn't there. He was going to text her, when he heard a familiar sound. He put his ear to the wall and nodded his head. Becca and DeShawn had come back to fuck in the middle of the afternoon. He listened to them with his hear to the wall. He felt himself grow hard and started to stroke himself. Becca must have thought he was still at the beach, because she was moaning very loudly. John couldn't take anymore and he rushed over and jerked himself over the toilet.

He cleaned up and went back to the beach. There really wasn't anything else for him to do at that point. He grabbed his board and went back to the water. DeShawn and Becca appeared about 30 minutes later and Becca was wearing another micro-bikini. She walked into the water with DeShawn and they moved out in to the waves. John knew this that swimming suit also became transparent, when it got wet, so he assumed Becca wore it specifically for DeShawn.

DeShawn was able to reach his commanding officer and he got an update on his friends. They were fine and the mission was 'on track'. That's how they always referred to ongoing operations. The subject of his next duty station came up and his commander wanted to know if he'd made his decision. DeShawn had initially decided on Florida, but that was before he met Becca and John. He was conflicted now and decided to take some more time and think about it. He could get stationed in Texas if he wanted, but it would be a training slot and it would take him out of active operations. He wasn't ready for that, but he also wasn't ready to let go of Becca. The conversation ended without a final decision and DeShawn knew he'd have to make a final decision soon, very soon.

The beach was crowded with tourists and the laughter and shouts of kids and parents was in the air. A little kid, no older than three waddled past DeShawn, laughing and holding a little bucket. Predictably a harried man hurried after him. The toddler was eventually caught and hoisted into the air, laughing and giggling so hard that it was infectious. DeShawn watched the scene unfold with a sad smile on his face. He wasn't sure if he would ever get the chance to do that with his own child. He quickly realized he was staring and moved on.

Becca was gleaming in the sun, because she had on about 10 layers of SPF 75 sunscreen lotion. Her fair skin must burn easily; DeShawn thought has he approached her chair and admired her bikini. Blood rushed to his cock as he walked towards Becca and he was semi-hard when sat down next to her.

"Hey Gorgeous, how's the book?"

Beccas smile seemed to pierce his heart as she looked over at him. Initially he thought the big sun hat she wore was a little ridiculous, but it had grown on him and now the thought it looked a little sexy. Her sunglasses covered her eyes, but he could tell she was giving him the once-over.

"Hey Handsome. It's great, but I'm ready for a break, so you have impeccable timing. Want to go get in the water?"

"I want to go somewhere with you Becca, but it's not in the water." He meant it to come out light, but his voice and tone was serious. A smile creased Beccas face, but it died quickly as she caught DeShawns tone and understood the look on his face.

"Let's go."

That's all she said. She dropped her hat and book on the lounge chair and started off. DeShawn was only a few steps behind, having taken the time to check for John. He was surfing the waves and looked like he was having a blast with a big group of people.

DeShawns hand clamped lightly on Beccas wrist and she looked up at him. She liked the way he took control when they were together. She really liked his confidence and she enjoyed thinking of herself as his girl. The door wasn't even closed yet when Becca started taking off her top. She was very wet and couldn't wait to spread her legs for DeShawn. She glanced back and noticed DeShawn was already naked and moving towards the bed. His cock swung heavily between his legs and when he lay back on the bed it lay nicely along his hip. Her eyes were fixed on it and she saw it continue to grow harder. God he was beautiful, she thought and her eyes continued upward, pausing slightly on his washboard abs and big chest. His skin was a soft, slightly shiny brown and she couldn't wait to run her tongue his skin and taste him.

"Hey, get over here." His voice was low and brought her out of her daydream. Her eyes met his and the electricity was undeniable. His arms were behind his head, so his biceps framed his face and his smile melted her heart and other areas.

The bikini bottoms joined the bikini top on the floor and she slow-walked to the bed. She loved the look on DeShawns face as she approached him. Climbing between his legs, she held his cock in her hands; it was almost completely hard and she licked the tip and smiled at him.

"You like that cock?" He asked.

Her eyes returned to his massive tool as she responded, almost reverentially. "It's a really nice cock. I love how it tastes and it makes me feel so full, so feminine, when you're inside me." She stopped talking, because the cock was now in her mouth.

Her hands flowed up both sides as she stroked it and focused her mouth on the tip. The tip was big and she ran her tongue all around it, before lowering her head and paying special attention to his balls.

"Oooh. God you are good at that Becca. You make me feel so good baby."

A surge of pride ran through Becca and she glanced up at DeShawn, but his head was thrown back and his eyes were closed. She continued her assault on his cock and reveled in the taste, texture and feel of his black stick. His moans made her even more turned on and she worked harder to make him cum. In the back of her mind, she knew he should cum inside her, but she didn't care at that moment. She wanted to taste his cum, swallow it all and make him happy.

Disappointment ran through her as she felt DeShawns hands on her head, moving her off his cock. She looked up in surprise, but DeShawns face was full of lust and it didn't give her any indication of why he stopped her. She didn't have long to wait though, because he grabbed her and flipped her on her back. Moving swiftly, he spread her leg and pushed his cock inside her. A gasp escaped Becca.

"Slow, please slowly." DeShawn slowed only slightly as he pushed all of himself inside her. Becca threw her head back and then whipped it from side to side. "So big, soooo big, god your huge." Her eyes flew open, as she gripped DeShawns arms tightly. Beccas knuckles were white and fingernails dug into his skin as she tried to spread her legs even wider.

He realized he was going too fast, given his size, but he couldn't wait. A groan pushed past his lips, as he felt his cock reach bottom in Beccas pussy. My pussy, he thought. Beccas arm reached behind his neck and pulled him in to a kiss and he felt her tongue thrust into his mouth. It drove him crazy as he pulled out slowly and pushed back into her, suddenly and hard. Beccas eyes grew even wider and she moaned into DeShawns mouth. Yea, she likes it hard and a little rough, he thought. Good, because that's how I'm going to give it to her today.

DeShawn put his arms on either side of Beccas head and pushed into her deeply. He liked this position, because it allowed him to use deep strokes. He quickly established a rhythm of pulling out slowly, but thrusting hard and deep back into Becca.

Raw, possessive, it was a primal type of fucking that drove Becca wild. She threw her arms around his back and pulled him into her. She felt his cock push into her and bottom out, by bumping her cervix. Her first orgasm came quickly and burst over her before she was ready. Her fingernails moved across DeShawns back as she came. She knew she was scratching him too hard, but she couldn't control herself. Moans were coming from her mouth involuntarily now, as waves of pleasure crashed against her.

DeShawn knew she orgasmed, but he didn't care and he didn't stop. The pace of his fucking increased as Becca came down from her orgasm. He could feel his own orgasm building. Thrusting hard and fast, he continued fucking his white girl with everything he had. He wanted to possess her, make her his, even if she was married to someone else. He wanted her thinking of him, when she was with her husband. His shout echoed in the room and he felt himself release inside Becca. He pushed further inside her as his cum jetted out of him.

Becca felt DeShawns cum spurt inside her and another orgasm rolled through her body. Her hands found his ass and pulled strongly, trying to get him into her as far as possible. A warm contented feeling washed over her as she felt DeShawn finish inside of her. He pulled out and rolled on his side, breathing heavy. She started to get up, but DeShawn stopped her and pushed her back on the bed.

"You need to raise your legs and hold them against your chest. That will hold my cum in you longer and increase your chances of getting pregnant." It was an order and Becca complied quickly. She knew it already, but it was erotic to hear DeShawn say it.

A contented sigh rose from Becca, as he held her legs against her chest. The afterglow of good sex, she giggled a little.

"What are you giggling about?" DeShawns voice broke into her thoughts.

"Oh, just that having sex with you is awesome. It's also sexy that you want me to get pregnant."

A response didn't come from DeShawn and she looked over. His face was serious, she briefly wondered if she had upset him. She reached over with one hand and stroked his chest.

"What's wrong DeShawn?" He shook his head. "Nothing." A one word answer and worry spread through Becca.

"DeShawn, did I say something wrong?"

"No Becca." He sighed. "It's just that I do want you to have my baby and that surprises me a little. I guess this situation has affected me more than I thought it would." He shrugged his shoulders and smiled at her.

"Nothing for you to worry about, I haven't changed my mind." She smiled back at him, unsure what to say.

A few minutes later and she rose to go clean up. Pausing in front of the mirror, she ran her hands over her belly. She desperately hoped she was pregnant already and imagined herself with a big belly. I hopeful smile lit up her face.

"You're gorgeous, you know that?" DeShawns baritone interrupted her baby fantasy. She walked over and stood next to the bed.

"Thank you. You're not so bad yourself." Her fingers found his abs and she slowly traced each one. DeShawns eyes closed as he enjoyed her touch. "Hmmm. I like your touch baby."

"Again?" Surprise showed in Beccas voice as she noticed DeShawns response to her caresses. He laughed. "Well what did you expect? You're naked and running your hands over my body."

His cock was heavy and it felt very good in her hand, as she leaned over and started sucking him again. She could taste the silky saltiness of their combined juices and she felt herself get even wetter. DeShawn recovered very quickly and was hard again after only a few minutes. He pushed Becca back slightly and got off the bed. Moving behind her and he bent her over the bed. It was a perfect doggy-style position and Becca rested her elbows on the mattress.

"I want to fuck you from behind this time and I'm going to take my time." His cock rubbed at the entrance to her pussy a few times, before he pushed inside. She was tight, still tight for his cock, but DeShawn knew that she would be very loose for John. I want her custom fit for just me; he thought and pushed deeply inside her again.

Her fingers gripped the bedspread and sheets as DeShawn hammered into her. His cock filled and stretched her completely and she feel him bump against her cervix. He made her feel so feminine, when he took her in this position. He made her feel feminine in any position, but this one seemed custom designed for him to dominate her. She secretly loved that and sometimes wished John was more forceful.

DeShawn fucked her steadily, not fast, not slow; just a deliberate deep fucking that stretched her pussy completely. He felt Beccas pussy spasm several times and knew that she orgasmed. She also moaned and screamed and told him when she was Cumming, so he knew she was enjoying it. His orgasm built slowly and he held it back as long as possible, before thrusting hard and Cumming deep in her pussy. He moved her completely on to the bed and positioned her specifically.

"Stay there, just like that, until I tell you otherwise. Head down, ass up. I want my cum to saturate your cervix."

"Yes sir." Her voice was tired and slightly muffled from the pillow her head was resting on. She had no intention of moving and felt blissfully tired as she tried to remember how many orgasms DeShawn gave her. She didn't notice DeShawn move into the bathroom.

He was almost out of hand towels he noticed as he cleaned himself up. I need to call room service, thought. He glanced over at Becca and noticed that she was still in the same position. A sense of satisfaction welled up in him and he was happy that she took direction so well.

"Ok, that's enough. Come on over and clean up. Then we can head back out to the beach." He slipped his shorts and tank top back on and flopped back on to the bed.

It was a comfortable position and Becca wanted to stay there a while longer, but she complied with DeShawns instructions and stumbled into the bathroom. She felt his cum running down her leg and she quickly sat on the toilet. It felt like a flood came out of her as she wiped her legs and used the restroom. DeShawn was resting on the bed, when she came back out.

"Honey, I need to go next door and fix my hair and I'd like to put another suit on." DeShawn nodded to her. "Ok, come back when you're ready. I'll wait for you."

Her bikini was exactly where she left it and she picked it up. She liked this one and she thought it looked sexy on her. She slipped it on and went back to her and John's room. She checked the time and estimated they had been gone for just under 45 minutes, so there was a good chance John didn't know they'd snuck off to fuck.

Becca smiled naughtily to herself as she picked one of the micro-bikini's that John had bought her. DeShawn will probably love this; she thought and slipped it on. She turned in front of the mirror and admired the suit. It looked like a normal bikini; however it became almost transparent when it got wet. They made it back to the beach, DeShawn was holding her wrist of course, and relaxed on the lounge chairs.

Becca smiled over at DeShawn. "Let's go into the water. I'm hot, it's summertime for goodness sakes and I haven't spent hardly any time in the water."

"Let's go." DeShawn led the way and they walked out into the waves. Becca continued walking until the water was just over her breasts. She wanted to show off for DeShawn, not put on a show for the whole beach. They bobbed up and down in the water and DeShawn did a double-take when he saw the affect the water had on the bikini. A wide smile crossed his face.

"Did you wear that for me?"

Becca blushed. "Yes handsome. I did wear this just for you. I want you looking at me and no one else!" DeShawn threw his head back and laughed. "There is no chance of that Becca."

Becca noticed John coming over and she hoped he wouldn't be upset about the bikini. He had purchased it for her and now she was wearing it for DeShawn. He had been so good about everything this week and she hoped that would continue.

DeShawn greeted John with a high-five. "Hey bud. How's it going? Enjoying the water?"

"Absolutely. It's summer time at the beach and it's been great. I've been doing a little body surfing, body boarding? I'm not sure what it's called, but it's a lot of fun."

"Cool."

"That's great honey." Becca and DeShawn replied at the same time.

They stayed together in the water and talked until the sun started to set. Most of the tourists had left and the beach was pretty empty. They decided it was safe for Becca to walk out of the water. John led the way and Becca stayed close to him. DeShawn brought up the rear and spent most of the walk to their hotel rooms, staring at Beccas heart-shaped ass. It was amazing.

They got back, showered and changed out of their beach clothing. There was a nighttime cruise that only ran during the summer, so they decided to do that for the evening. The cruise offered dinner and drinks and it was a short walk from their hotel. A nice breeze blew in from the ocean as they walked down to the boat. There was a relaxed feel to the island; that only came around during the lazy days of summer.

Becca made it a point to walk in-between both of her guys. They walked arm in arm towards the ship, boarded it and picked a spot on against the railing. The beach was nice during the day, but it was absolutely beautiful when viewed from the boat at night. The lights of the island and soft summer breeze combined to make it very romantic.

A girl shouldn't get this lucky, Becca thought. I'm here with two gorgeous guys, who actually like each other. I'm married to one, who is a great man and he holds my heart. I'm sleeping with the other gorgeous guy, who excites me beyond belief and is doing his best to knock me up.

No one spoke. They didn't have to; words would have cheapened the moment. Each of them was lost in thought, enjoying the cruise and simply relaxing. Eventually a loudspeaker announced dinner. It seemed almost criminal to leave their spot; but hunger won the battle, as it usually does, and they headed inside. Dinner and the rest of the cruise went great and it was over too quickly. As they disembarked, Becca thought it was one of the most special moments of her life.

The walk back to the hotel was quiet. During the cruise, Becca had drifted slightly towards DeShawn. John noticed that she held DeShawns hand a bit more than his and leaned against DeShawn more than she did against him. When they walked back to the hotel, Becca focused more of her attention on DeShawn. Becca walked arm in arm with DeShawn and she leaned against him for support. Becca had a little too much to drink at dinner, so she was a bit unsteady in her heels. She held John's hand a few times on the walk back but never let go of DeShawn.

The arrived back at the rooms and Becca kissed John on the cheek before disappearing into DeShawns room. A look of confusion passed John's face and he felt a bit hurt, he glanced at DeShawn who had stayed outside the room with John. He saw the look on Johns face and felt a stab of sympathy for Beccas husband.

"Hey man, are you ok?" John nodded absently. "Tomorrow is the Thursday and it's the last day of your vacation. You and Becca are going home on Friday morning. It's almost over."

DeShawn deliberately did not offer to have Becca stay the night with John. Sure he felt sympathy for the guy, but he wanted Becca with him tonight. Hell, he wanted Becca every night and he was thinking of a way to make that happen. In the meantime however, he wanted; no he needed, more time with Becca.

John shook his head. "I'm fine. You're right, it's almost over." He looked at DeShawn and uncertainty was written plainly on his face. "Is she ok? I mean, are you treating her ok?"

"Yes, John. Becca is fine and I think she's actually enjoying this situation." DeShawn knew it was an honest answer, but he also knew it would probably hurt John a little to hear it.

John let out a heavy sigh and nodded. "I'm going to head down to the beach and enjoy the summer night."

John walked past DeShawn, who squeezed his shoulder as he passed, and headed towards the beach. He picked a spot on the sand and sat with his arms around his knees. The beach at night is peaceful. The sand looks extra white against the dark ocean and the waves still have their champagne tops as they roll into shore. The breeze was light and warm and that was only possible during the summer it seemed.

Tears rolled silently from John's eyes as he stared at the ocean. He couldn't escape the feeling that their lives were going to change forever after this vacation and he wasn't thinking only of the baby. His biggest fear was that he would lose Becca and he didn't want to imagine that outcome.

The water in the sink was running as DeShawn slipped into the room and closed the door. Becca was washing her face and getting ready for bed. She had on a long t-shirt and DeShawn couldn't wait to see what was under it. She looked up at him and smiled as she toweled off her face.

"What did you and John talk about out there?"

"Oh nothing, he said he was going to watch a movie and get some sleep."

He knew he should have told her the truth, but he was afraid she would worry about John all night. He was selfish enough to want her all to himself tonight and he didn't want a brooding John to mess that up. The idea of continuing to see Becca after this week was growing stronger in DeShawn. He knew he would never give up his job. He loved his job and it defined his life. It fulfilled him in a way he couldn't describe and saving others was ingrained too deeply in him to consider giving it up, even for Becca.

He still hoped he could convince her to let him visit or have her come visit him, or both, if she was willing. He knew he could make time for Becca when he wasn't off saving someone. He just hoped that she would agree, and if she agreed; he was confident she could get John to agree as well. He knew John would be a sticking point, but it looked like John was getting more comfortable with DeShawn and Becca being together. He hoped that would continue.

"Hey Handsome. What are you thinking?" Beccas hands circled his neck and she leaned up and kissed him. "Something naughty, I hope." DeShawn kissed her back and laughed.

"I was wondering what you're wearing under this big t-shirt." She pressed her body tightly against his and he got his answer. She was naked under the t-shirt.

Their clothes hit the floor in a loose trail towards the bed. No words were spoken that night and very little sleep was had by either one of them. Their appetites were insatiable. DeShawn took her in a variety of positions and they fucked in almost every part of their room. Electricity flowed between them and when one of them seemed finished; the other person jumped on them and started the electricity flowing again.

Becca woke the next morning and her throat felt raw and her pussy felt sore. She couldn't believe how much sex they had last night. Her face felt hot, as she blushed at how horny she had been. The air conditioning unit clicked on and she looked over at DeShawn. He was sleeping peacefully and she watched his chest rise and fall gently. His skin looked even darker against the white sheets. Her eyes feasted on his soft brown skin and his muscles that were so nicely defined. A tingling began in her groin and she couldn't believe she was getting wet again. Her hand lifted the bedspread a little and she peered down at DeShawns waist.

Yes! She thought to herself. He's suffering from a bad case of morning wood. I'll have to help him with that, I guess. A very naughty smile crossed her face as she lowered herself below the sheets and found his cock. She didn't waste any time and immediately took as much of his cock in her mouth as she could fit. I love the way he tastes, she thought and then corrected herself. Well the way we taste together, because she knew she tasted a combination of both of them.

A low groan came from above the sheets and she felt DeShawns hands push her head down on his cock. She relaxed her throat and let all of his cock into her mouth. She loved deep throating him and he clearly loved it as well. His hands held her firmly and he face-fucked her mouth for several strokes. The blanket flew back off of her and DeShawn flipped her onto her back. She spread her legs automatically, but DeShawn had other ideas. He straddled her chest and continued to feed her his cock. She had to work harder in this position, but she didn't care. His cock felt good in her mouth and she sucked it greedily. It got harder and harder in her mouth as she coated it with saliva. It moved easily in and out of her mouth and she was careful to not to scratch it with her teeth. DeShawns breathing was getting ragged and she knew he was close. Her lips tried to clamp onto his cock, but his hand pushed her head back and his cock popped out of her mouth. She looked up at him in surprise.

"I'm Cumming on your face slut!" Beccas hands flew to her clit and she rubbed it furiously. No one had called her 'slut' in years and she didn't realize how much she missed it. DeShawn stroked his cock several time and aimed it at her face as he groaned loudly.

The first rope of DeShawns cum splashed against her cheek and she felt an orgasm burst through her body. She moaned loudly and ended up with a load of cum in her mouth. She promptly swallowed and felt another splash against her forehead. Her hips bucked as the orgasm continued to punish her body. Another splash of cum landed on her tightly closed eyes and she felt like her face was completely covered. Cum was everywhere, in her hair, on the pillows, it covered her face and it felt wonderful. It was slutty and naughty and she loved it.

She felt DeShawn collapse on the bed next to her and heard his breathing. Her hand found his and they lay there holding hands. Becca couldn't open her eyes, because her face was coated in cum, but she didn't care. She thought it was deliciously naughty to lie there with cum on her face. Eventually, DeShawn helped her get up and into the shower and she started cleaning her face. He joined her and they spent the next hour, washing each other and staring into each other's eyes. It was a very intimate moment for both of them.

Eventually they made it out of the shower and Becca put her T-shirt on and went back to the room she shared with John. He was already up and shaving, when Becca entered the room. She smiled at him and gave him a small hug. She didn't want to jostle him, when he had a razor against his throat. He smiled at her and finished shaving, while Becca got dressed and put on her makeup.

"I went for a run by myself this morning. I guess DeShawn was busy."

Becca paused while putting on her make-up. She didn't know what to say. "I guess he felt like sleeping in this morning John."

"Uh huh. And you didn't have anything to do with that decision? It's not enough that you two fuck all night, but you have to fuck again in the morning?"

John's emotions were confused this morning and anger welled up inside him. He knew he should cool off, but he hadn't slept much last night, because of all the moaning and groaning next door, and he was not thinking clearly.

"I heard you last night Becca, from the moment I got back from the beach until just now. You've been fucking him non-stop. Can't get enough of the big black cock can you? Not interested in white cock anymore?"

Tears welled up in Beccas eyes and she started crying. He knew he'd hurt her, but dammit, she hurt him too. He watched as she flung herself onto the bed and cried into a pillow. Slowly, his anger left him and he sat down at the table and looked out the window.

What a great summer at the beach, he thought.

Becca eventually stopped crying and they sat together holding hands on the bed. He ran his fingers through her hair and kissed her forehead. He loved the way she felt next to him and he promised himself he wasn't going to lose her. In their marriage, John had always been the one to apologize first and he did so again.

"I'm sorry Becca. I really am. I guess my jealousy gets the better of me sometimes. I know I started this and it was my idea. I just didn't expect you to like it this much and that hurts me." Tears started to form, he quickly wiped his eyes and hoped Becca didn't see him.

She nodded, leaned into his chest and hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry too John. You're right, I have been enjoying DeShawn. I can't help it. I can't approach sex with someone like a job interview and you know I like black men, so it's hard not to enjoy it."

She pulled back and looked into his eyes. "John I may enjoy the sex, but it hasn't changed how I feel about you. I love you with all my heart and I don't want to make a life with anyone else. I'm not going to leave you and I won't let you leave me." Her lips met his and they kissed softly and simply held each other for a while.

Her phone buzzed with texts a few times, but she ignored it. A quizzical look passed over her face and she looked over at John.

"Honey, what did you mean when you said you heard us from the time you got back from the beach? DeShawn said you were staying in your room to watch a movie."

He looked down at her skeptically. "Really? Because he knew I was going to beach. We talked last night after you went inside and I guess he could tell I was worried, because he told me everything was going to be ok."

Becca looked shocked. "What?" John nodded back at her.

"Yea, I told him I was heading to the beach to think and he even watched me for a while, because I didn't hear the door close until I sat down on the sand."

"John, I'm sorry. I would have come out to see you, if I had known. DeShawn said you were staying in to watch a movie, so I didn't think to check on you. I'm truly sorry and now I'm starting to get mad at DeShawn."

"It's ok baby. You didn't know. I wonder why DeShawn said that to you though?"

Becca gave a short laugh. "Duh. He wanted me to himself last night and he knew if I was concerned about you, I wouldn't stay with him." She nodded to herself. "Now I'm pissed."

"What are you going to do?" John sat up and Becca scrambled off the bed. She paused at the door and turned back to John.

"Stay here John. I'm going to talk to him. No that's not right; I'm going over to kick his ass."

John gave a small laugh as Becca flew out the door. He knew what her temper was like when she got pissed and he knew DeShawn was in for it. He thought about following her, but he knew DeShawn wouldn't hurt her and he didn't want the wrath of Becca to descend on him. Besides, it was really sneaky of DeShawn to do that and he deserved his ass whooping from Becca.

He laughed again as he heard Beccas voice in the next room. She was really laying into DeShawn and he could barely hear DeShawns protests. This continued for a good 30 minutes, before Becca came back and announced that she wanted to get away from the hotel and go shopping.

She saw the unspoken question in John's eyes. "No. DeShawn is not coming with us and I don't care what he does with his day. I'm with you baby, let's go. Now!" She marched out of the room and slammed the door.

John scrambled to get his wallet and keys and followed after her. They headed away from the hotel, down to the little shops that dotted the main street. They parked and planned to walk up and down the street visiting the little shops. This was Beccas favorite activity and since the weather was so nice, they took their time. There was a sno-cone vendor along the street and John bought one for him and Becca.

"There is nothing that says 'summer' to me, more than a sno-cone." He laughed. "I used to mix all the flavors and it turned out being more syrup than sno-cone, but I loved it. My hands would always get so sticky and mom would get mad, but I didn't care. It was summer time and I could have a sno-cone"

"Strawberry." The way Becca said it, stretched the word into two long syllables and she groaned at the end, like it was the best thing ever. "My favorite was always Strawberry and my dad would always buy one for me after our softball games. I played for several years in a summer league and my dad always bought me a sno-cone. Win or lose, I got one. "They clicked their sno-cones together and a mock toast.

They spent the day together and really reconnected. They bought several souvenirs and had lunch at a restaurant over-looking the ocean. They held hands like newlyweds and kissed at every opportunity. John saw a particularly beautiful necklace and he bought it while Becca was next door at another shop. It was expensive, but he didn't care. He had his wife back and all to himself and he was going to spoil her as much as possible.

Beccas phone didn't buzz once and John questioned her about it. "I'm surprised that DeShawn hasn't called or texted you. I expected him to spend the rest of the day apologizing."

A triumphant, satisfied look passed over Beccas face and she gave John a little smile. "I turned my phone completely off. He's probably going crazy and that's good, because he deserves to suffer, after what he pulled."

She hooked her arm in John's and smiled up at him. "Besides, I'm with my husband today and he's the most important man in my life." John's heart soared and he beamed down at Becca. "Thank you baby, I needed to hear that from you."

They found another restaurant near the water, had an early dinner. Becca had several drinks, but since John was driving he stuck to soda. The restaurant had a karaoke machine and Becca got up and sang a few songs. She had a good voice and received a standing ovation. She smiled, bowed and skipped back to their table. She sat down next to John and gave him a big kiss.

An announcement interrupted their quiet moment.

"Hi folks. I'd like to sing a song and dedicate it to someone special."

DeShawns voice carried over the sound system. Becca and John looked over and sure enough, there was DeShawn. He proceeded to sing a very slow, syrupy song about being sorry and losing someone special. John was dismayed to learn that he had a pretty good singing voice and he also received a standing ovation. A lot of the women in the restaurant shouted 'encore', but DeShawn smiled and shook his head.

He walked over to their table and stopped. He didn't sit down and he didn't try and get a hug from Becca or shake John's hand. He looked at them for a moment, before speaking.

"I want to say first that I'm sorry. I had no right to keep that information from you Becca. It was selfish of me and I'm truly sorry. John, I'm sorry to you as well. I should have sent Becca over to you and insist that she spend the night with you." He shrugged his shoulders. "I don't have a good explanation for my behavior. Simply put, I've really enjoyed being with Becca and it clouded my judgment in this case. The two of you deserved better from me and I'm very sorry."

Becca looked at John and he nodded to her. In John's opinion, it took a lot of courage for DeShawn to say that to both of them. He didn't have to apologize. He could have left the island and never seen them again. Instead, he tracked them down, sang a really bad karaoke song and apologized. That was pretty honorable in John's book. He could tell that Becca agreed.

Becca slid off her chair, walked over and gave him a big hug. "Apology accepted Handsome. Now join us or I'll kick your ass again." He laughed and took a seat. He looked over at John and held out his hand.

"John, again, I'm sorry. It will never happen again." They shook hands and he ordered DeShawn a drink. The awkwardness passed quickly and they were talking and laughing together in no time. DeShawn checked his watch and looked over at them.

"Hey, did you two want to do anything else tonight?" Becca and John exchanged a glance. "What did you have in mind DeShawn?" John asked.

"Well, it's our last night together and there is a new club that just opened. It's a bit of drive and it's not on the island, but it's supposed to be pretty cool."

Beccas eyes lit up at the thought of dancing some more, but John was exhausted. He hadn't slept at all last night and he was running on empty. Becca saw his reaction and nodded.

"DeShawn we appreciate the offer, but John didn't really sleep very well and we were going to call it a night."

It surprised John a bit, because he knew Becca would really love to go dancing. She rarely missed an opportunity. DeShawn nodded, but his disappointment was obvious as well. John felt like a shmuck. He and Becca had just spend an amazing day together and it was their last night on the island. John made his decision.

"Becca, why don't you go dancing with DeShawn? Seriously, I'm tired. I'm just going to get some sleep, but I know you like dancing, so go. Have fun."

Disbelief showed on Beccas face. "John, no honey. I don't mind staying in tonight."

"Becca I know you wouldn't mind and I really do appreciate it. Honestly I do, but I also know you like to dance and it's not often you have such a good dance partner." He winked at DeShawn and gave him a little nod. DeShawn immediately picked up on it.

"Becca, at least give me the chance to spoil you one last time. It'll be my way of saying I'm sorry.

It was easy to see that Becca was torn, but she eventually leaned over and kissed John's cheek. "Baby, are you sure you don't mind?"

He laughed. "Yes, I'm fine. Go have fun and just let me know you got home safe. Please."

Another kiss on the cheek arrived for John and it came with a side of 'big hug'. Becca immediately left with DeShawn to change and John finished his soda and paid the check. They were already gone when he got back to the room, so he did order a movie this time and was asleep before the opening credits were over.

Becca was shocked to see DeShawn at the restaurant. She really laid into him that morning and when they parted, she didn't think he would want to see her again. When she heard his voice, her heart flipped a little and she was surprised at how happy she was to see him again.

He looks yummy, Becca thought as she watched him sing. She wasn't the only one who thought that and a lot of the women had stopped what they were doing to watch DeShawn. When he came over, she put on her best 'I don't care' face, but inside her heart was hammering. She felt herself start to get moist as he paused before speaking. She knew she would forgive him, but she also knew that she needed John's approval as well.

When John nodded, Becca almost leapt out of her chair. Instead she took it slow and gave him a hug. She remembered the golden rule for girls. If you like a guy; make him wait! So DeShawn didn't receive anything more than a hug.

When he suggested dancing, Becca almost accepted immediately, but she remembered that John had a horrible night. When John insisted that she go, she felt a deep sense of love for John. He was so selfless. She was still very eager to get going though, so after hugging and kissing her husband she left. DeShawn risked getting pulled over for speeding has he raced back to the hotel with Becca. She changed really quickly and they were off. Becca wore a tight-fitting dress that hugged her curves very nicely. She touched up her make-up and looked very sexy and glamorous. They drove over the bridge that connected the island to the mainland. It was beautiful and a little scary at night. They found the club and there was a line.

"Ugh. We're going to have to wait in line?" Beccas shoulders slumped, because she hated waiting in line. DeShawn didn't say anything, he slipped out of the car and walked over to open Beccas door. He helped her out and she smiled at him. She loved it when a man was chivalrous. DeShawn handed the keys to the valet, held Becca by the wrist and walked up to the door. The door man looked at DeShawn, smiled and nodded as he held the rope open for them.

Becca looked at DeShawn in surprise, but he just smiled and pulled her into the club after him. She wrapped herself around DeShawns arm and proudly walked next to him. He received a lot of friendly looks from the other girls and Becca received a corresponding number of glares as they found a seat. They had a table in the reserved section, so they had plenty of room to themselves. Becca sat next to DeShawn and smiled at him.

"Wow. You certainly know how to treat a lady." She leaned over and kissed his cheek. He smiled at her and shook his head.

"No. I'm going to need more than a kiss on the cheek, sexy lady." Becca smiled and flung herself into his arms and kissed him. Enough with waiting, she thought.

The kiss left her breathless, so DeShawn ordered them drinks and they surveyed the club. It was nice, very tastefully decorated and it had a few dance floors. The music was hip hop, which was Beccas favorite and the club was filling up fast. One thing that Becca noticed was that almost everyone in the club was black, except for the females. All the men were black and there was a scattering of white, Hispanic and Asian women in the crowd, as well as black women.

Their drinks arrived and she tasted hers and it was awesome. DeShawn was looking at her, as she enjoyed he drink.

"What?" Becca asked. She thought maybe something was wrong.

"I was just admiring the view Becca. You're beautiful, truly beautiful and I feel lucky to be with you tonight."

"Awww. Thank you DeShawn." She kissed him again.

"One thing though Becca." His voice held a warning. "This is a new club and I don't know this area, so I want you to stick close to me." She nodded.

"Also, you are not to accept a drink from anyone except me or the waitress. Understood?" His voice was stern and she nodded again.

"It's not my first time at a club DeShawn. I know how to be careful."

"Becca, you're with me tonight and I just want you to be safe."

That earned him another kiss. "Yes Sir. Now take me dancing."

They hit the floor and danced for a long time. The music perfect and Becca felt the beat of the music through the sound system. She closed her eyes and let the beat of the song move her. She felt DeShawn move up behind her and leaned back, letting her hips rub against him. His muscles were rock hard against her back and she loved the feel of him against her. His lips brushed against her neck, causing her to shudder and finally open her eyes.

DeShawn motioned with his head for them to sit down and she followed him to their table. The crowd separated them and DeShawn ended up several steps ahead of her. He didn't see the hand snake of the crowd out and catch Becca by her wrist. Becca was caught off guard and felt herself being turned away from DeShawn. She saw a big, heavyset black man smiling down at her. He pulled her to him, his hand going around her waist and resting on her ass. He held her tightly against him and she felt his chest and stomach press against her. She tried to pull back but he was too strong.

"Hey girl. You are so fine. You need to be sitting with me tonight. I'll take good care of you."

Becca tried again to pull away, but she couldn't move. "Stop it. I'm here with someone tonight."

"Yea, I saw that guy you were with. You need to dump him, he ain't got what I got, I can promise you that baby!" He leaned down and licked her neck.

Revulsion filled Beccas body. She couldn't believe this asshole. "Let. Me. Go."

"Aww. Don't be like that. It's obvious you a white chick that likes brothers and we're all big, baby. You will like me. I promise. I also have some party favors, to get us started. C'mon back to my table and I'll have you feeling fine in no time."

He waved a small baggie full of a white powder in front of Beccas nose. She turned her head and tried one last time to pull away. She started to look for DeShawn and felt stupid for acting so brave earlier. Please help me DeShawn, she thought desperately.

She felt her feet moving as the guy pulled her towards his table. He had a few friends with him and they were smiling broadly and looking at Becca as though she was on the menu. They had a dangerous look about them and fear started to run through Beccas body in earnest. As they approached the table, one of the guys dumped something into a drink and pushed it across the table towards them.

"Hey man, I fixed a drink special for your fine girl." He nodded to the guy holding Becca and smiled.

"That's real nice of you man. She's thirsty and I think she'll like hanging out with us tonight. Won't you baby?"

Becca gave it one last try and raised her voice. "No! I told you, I'm here with somebody. I'm not staying at your table and I'm definitely not drinking that drink you obviously drugged. Now let me go!"

She had hoped that raising her voice would cause people to look over and hopefully someone would come to her aid. Unfortunately, these guys had picked a spot just under the sound system speakers, so her voice didn't carry beyond their table. She couldn't understand why DeShawn wasn't coming to help her. He was only a few steps in front of her and he had to have noticed she wasn't at the table. Where was he?

Pain shot through her arm as the guy holding her jerked it sharply. He twisted her wrist and that caused her to whip around. She felt her calves hit the couch and momentum caused her to sit down. Anyone watching would think she simply twirled and sat down. It wouldn't look out of the ordinary at all. Clearly these guys have done this before. Immediately she started to rise, but the guy who had spiked the drink put his arm around her shoulder and kept her seated.

"Now listen here girl. You don't want to be causin' any problems do you? That could turn out bad for you, 'cause we don't play around. You get me? Now why don't you just relax, have a drink and I promise you'll feel so good in a minute, you will enjoy sitting with us. We fun, girl."

His voice was low and whispered into her ear. His tone carried an obvious tone of violence and Becca got the sense they wouldn't hesitate to really hurt her. The guy who brought her over, sat down next to her and handed her the drink.

"Here you go baby-girl. Have yourself a nice drink and we'll party together. You going to love this party baby, because you're the guest of honor. It's your party!"

Becca took the glass, but had no intention of drinking it. She held it in her lap and scanned the crowd frantically for DeShawn.

A sharp squeeze on her neck, made her focus on the guy to her right, the Friend, the drink-mixer. He was leering at her and his breath was horribly bad.

"We paid for that drink girl, you gonna finish it. You hear me? We ain't got all night, so let's get this party started." He squeezed again.

Becca knew she couldn't take a sip of that drink and she was deathly afraid of what these guys meant by "party." The glass trembled in her hand and she slowly raised it to her lips.

"Guys, I think you have the wrong girl sitting with you. This is Becca and she's with me tonight." DeShawns baritone voice broke through the music and both men on either side of Becca looked up at the new arrival.

"Nah man, you got the wrong girl. She's with us, we going to a party shortly and she's going to be the guest of honor. Now why don't you disappear, before you get hurt." The guy who had grabbed Becca stood up and stepped toward DeShawn. His approach was menacing and Becca saw him reach under his shirt as he stepped forward. His friend stayed where he was at, but tightened his hold on Beccas neck.

Fear raced through Becca and her heart was pounding. She was afraid for DeShawn, afraid of him being hurt, but also afraid of being taken outside club by these two guys. They struck Becca as hard-core criminals, who wouldn't hesitate to use violence to get what they wanted. It was equally clear that they wanted Becca tonight.

DeShawn stood completely still as the guy approached him. Becca saw a glint of metal in his attacker's hand. It looked like he was carrying a knife or possibly a gun. She was about to shout to DeShawn, when she saw her abductor lunge toward toward DeShawn. She saw DeShawn dodge to the left and the man dropped to the floor limp, unmoving. Becca didn't see what DeShawn did, but it was clear the guy was unconscious by the time his head hit the floor.

The guy holding her neck was dumbstruck at what just happened. Becca felt his hand loosen on her neck and she threw her drink into his face. The alcohol hit him directly in the eyes and the hand on her neck vanished. She scrambled away from the couch and into DeShawns arms. Safe, she thought. She felt so safe when DeShawns arms encircled her and squeezed her against his body. He quickly let her go and forcibly moved her to side.

"Stay there." His voice was low and commanding, his eyes were still facing the table.

Becca turned and saw the Friend standing up and wiping his eyes. His eyes moved between Becca, DeShawn and his unconscious friend; before returning to DeShawn. A drug-induced rage reflected in those eyes as he moved around the table towards DeShawn. A knife appeared in his hand and gleamed dully in the the club lights.

"You dead!" He shouted at DeShawn and lunged.

His attack lasted about two seconds longer than the first guy. DeShawn let him take the first swipe of the blade, dodging it easily. Unfortunately for the Friend, his first strike didn't hit anything and he was off balance and too late in recovering. DeShawn didn't give him a second chance. Becca saw DeShawn move forward as if made of liquid and strike twice. The Friend hit the floor unconscious and unmoving.

DeShawn straightened, scanned the immediate area and then took Becca by the wrist and led her out the club. He stopped briefly to speak with the door guy and gave him some cash. DeShawns Mercedes appeared in seconds and they were gone equally fast. DeShawn drove aggressively, but within the speed limit and they made good time back to South Padre Island.

No words were spoken for most of the trip, with DeShawn concentrating on the driving and checking the rearview mirror. He visibly relaxed once they crossed the bridge to the island and glanced over at Becca.

"Honey, are you ok?" He reached over and touched her arm, which caused Becca to withdraw it immediately.

"No. I'm not ok. You left me and I was almost drugged and abducted by those two weirdo's. I was scared to death and then it looked like you killed them. Fuck, I'm not ok DeShawn."

Becca didn't realize she was shouting until she stopped talking. Her chest was heaving and adrenaline was coursing through her system. Nausea hit a few seconds later and she thought she was going to be sick.

"Pull over DeShawn, I think I'm going to throw up." The Mercedes found a public parking area next to the beach and DeShawn pulled into it. Becca staggered out of the car and leaned against the trunk. Everything seemed to be spinning and she focused on breathing, just breathing.

DeShawn recognized the signs of shock in Becca and knew that she just needed a few minutes of quiet. He would get her a soda shortly and the sugar would help her calm down. He was angry at himself. He never should have taken her to that club. Yes, it was nice and it was new, but he wasn't familiar with the area and clubs can obviously be dangerous. Those two wannbe gangsters weren't a threat to DeShawn, but they had scared Becca and he still wanted to kill them for it. He looked out at the waves and took a deep breath. Summertime at the beach, he thought wryly. It's never a dull moment.

The sound of the surf finally calmed Becca down and her heart rate returned to normal. The world stopped spinning and she felt much better. DeShawn had stayed next to her, but remained silent and she appreciated that from him. When she felt stronger, she stood up and faced DeShawn.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled at you like that earlier. I was just scared."

DeShawn nodded, but kept his distance. He knew she would probably still have concerns about her personal space.

"Where were you? I kept looking for you, but I couldn't find you and I was so scared. They kept pushing me to take this drink, but I knew they put something in it." Becca moved and put her head on DeShawns chest. "I was so scared." He slowly put his arms around her and pulled her into him. Becca cried softly against his chest.

"Becca, I'm so sorry. I think they had some sort of deal with the waitress. As soon as I got back to the table, she appeared with a tray full of drinks. When I told her we didn't order them she started making a scene about me not wanting to pay for them. Then the manager came over he kept insisting I ordered the drinks. I knew right then, that I was being played. "

Becca felt DeShawn run his hands through her hair and over her back. It was comforting and she felt better, she felt safe in his arms. These arms protected her tonight and she didn't want to leave them. She closed her eyes and listened to the sound of DeShawns voice as he continued.

"I realized you weren't with me and knew that something had happened to you. I grabbed the manager and told him to tell me where you were or he wasn't going to be able to chew solid food for a year. He saw that I meant it and pointed out the two gangbangers that had grabbed you. He said they paid him a grand to stall me and that my girl really wanted to be with them tonight. I guess they figured they could get you to drink their special cocktail, before I could get to you. God knows what was in it."

Becca nodded and smiled to herself. DeShawn hadn't left her! Her mouth found his neck and she nuzzled and licked it softly. A moan escaped her mouth and she felt her pussy start to tingle, as his arms tighten around her. She loved the feel of his strong arms around her and his scent was driving her crazy.

DeShawn continued to hold her close. "It's ok Becca. You're safe now. No one is going to hurt you. I promise. You're safe."

The sound of his voice soothed and excited her. Now that the trouble was over and she had recovered, she found herself desperately wanting him. She reached up and kissed him hard, thrusting her tongue into his mouth.

"I want you DeShawn. I want you inside me. I want to feel you cum inside me. I want to please you and do anything you want me to do! Please take me."

DeShawn smiled, lifted her up and carried her to the passenger seat. He gently deposited her in the seat and buckled her seatbelt. She caught him in a kiss, before he could get away. He broke the kiss, smiled at her and jumped into the driver's seat. They were back at the hotel and in DeShawns room in minutes.

Becca couldn't get out of her clothes fast enough, but DeShawn stopped her. He moved her over into the chair, sat her down and looked in to her eyes. He held both of her hands in his and spoke softly to her.

"Becca, what you're feeling is a rush of energy, that's common to people when they've gone through a traumatic event. It will go away and you'll feel differently tomorrow, once you've had a chance to sleep on it."

"But-"

"Wait, let me finish." She nodded. "I want you to stay with me tonight, but we're not going to make love. I won't take advantage of you. In the morning, if you still want to have sex, we can burn up the sheets and make John wait until we're done. I'm not going to touch you though, until you've had time to recover and gain some perspective" He smiled at her. "Sound good."

"No. It doesn't sound good. It sounds like bullshit. I'm fine and you saved me. I think we should fuck like rabbits." DeShawn laughed. "Tomorrow."

They got ready for bed and Becca decided to sleep naked tonight. A smile crossed her face as she checked the clock. Tomorrow was in exactly 2 hours and she was going to see how much resolve DeShawn had when tomorrow came. She also noticed that DeShawn was almost fully hard when he came to bed. We'll see how long he can last before he has to have me, she thought to herself.

Sure enough, when 12:01 rolled around, Becca was still up and watching DeShawn sleep. He is so gorgeous, she thought to herself. She reached over and stroked his chest, her hand slowly moving past his abs until she reached his cock. Stroking softly, she felt it respond to her touch and start growing. She glanced at DeShawn and found him still asleep. She moved under the covers again and lowered the waistband of his underwear. Freeing his cock, she took it into her mouth and savored the taste of his pre-cum. She took his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat, the taste and texture of his cock drove her wild. Her fingers found her clit and she was surprised at how wet she was down there.

A groan above the sheets, let Becca know that DeShawn was awake. She smiled to herself as she completely deep throated his cock. Her hands found his hips and she held him tightly as she moved her head up and down and felt his cock harden in her mouth. He was close, very close and that made her frantic with lust. She sucked harder and pushed his cock deep into her throat every time. His hips bucked upwards and she felt his cum hit the back of her throat. She felt an orgasm flow through her body as she tried to focus on swallowing DeShawns cum.

The blankets were lifted off of her and DeShawn looked down at her. He wasn't smiling, but he wasn't angry either. Becca gave him an innocent look.

"What? Check the clock, it's tomorrow and I still want to fuck you." She gave him her sweetest smile.

"You are terrible Becca. Here I am trying to be honorable and respect your personal space and you take advantage of me while I'm sleeping." He laughed and pulled her up next to him. "What am I going to do with you?"

Becca laid her head on his chest and thought it felt safe and warm. "You're going to fuck me DeShawn; just like I wanted you to earlier tonight." Her head moved on his chest and she looked deeply into his eyes.

"Please take me tonight, DeShawn." Tears welled up in her eyes. "I want you inside me tonight. I need you inside me tonight. I want you to make me pregnant tonight and I really want to have your baby."

DeShawn couldn't take anymore. He pulled her to him and kissed her passionately. His cock responded almost immediately and he rolled Becca onto her back. He pushed into her roughly, but she was already stretched to fit him and very wet, so it didn't hurt her. She clamped her legs around his waist and reveled in the stretched and full feeling he gave her.

Becca didn't ask him to slow down and didn't ask him to be gentle. She took all of him and begged for more. She gave herself totally to DeShawn that night and created a connection with DeShawn that she couldn't explain. She was positive that she was pregnant with DeShawns baby and that filled her with contentment and satisfaction.

The sunlight streamed into the window and found DeShawn still pushing in and out of Becca. His back was scratched up and she was whimpering, instead of moaning but he was thrusting inside her as if they had just started. DeShawn tried to hold back, but he couldn't any longer and he gave one last thrust before releasing inside of Becca. She held his ass tightly and pulled her against him as he felt himself jet inside of her. He eventually collapsed on top of her and she held him tight. Becca loved feeling him on top of her and held him close.

A few minutes later, DeShawn took a deep breath, pulled out of Becca and flipped over onto his back, next to her. Exhaustion flooded through him and he doubted he could get up off the bed. Becca had pulled her legs up to her chest and was holding them in position. She wanted to keep his cum inside her for as long as possible. No words were spoken by either of them; they simply lay next to each other and enjoyed the afterglow of great sex.

A beeping sound jolted them both and reminded them that they needed to get up. Becca had set the alarm yesterday, because she and John needed to check out at a specific time. A frustrated groan echoed through the room as she released her legs and walked quickly to the bathroom. She could feel DeShawns cum running down her leg and she quickly stepped into the shower.

She was finished quickly and borrowed one of DeShawns t-shirts to wear. It smelled like him, she held it to her nose and breathed deeply. Tears welled up in her eyes and she fought to keep from crying. She couldn't believe the week was already over and they had to leave today.

Reluctantly, she walked back to the bed and lay down on her stomach, next to DeShawn. He looked over at her and smiled.

"You are so gorgeous. You know that? You don't need makeup, you don't need a fancy haircut, and you're gorgeous, right out of the shower." He ran his fingers through her damp hair.

"I have to go DeShawn. John and I need to check out shortly."

"I know baby. I know."

Becca rested her head on his chest. "I don't know what to say DeShawn. This week has been truly amazing and you were a big part of that for me."

"Awww. Thank you Becca. It was amazing for me as well. I've never met anyone like you and your husband is pretty cool as well. It's hard, but we both knew this week was going to end."

"So we just say good bye? Two ships passing in the night? It doesn't seem right DeShawn." She looked up at him and rested her chin on his chest.

"Well, I meant to talk to you about that at the club, but we didn't get a chance. How would you feel about me visiting you and John, when I'm on leave or anytime I have some time on my hands? I don't want to lose touch with you Becca; after all, you are probably carrying my child." Beccas face lit up. It was obvious that she loved the idea of carrying a child, especially his child.

"I'll talk to John, but I definitely want to see you again DeShawn. We agreed that if I am pregnant, you are welcome anytime you want to visit us. If I'm not pregnant, well then maybe you could continue to help us with that as well." A naughty smile broke over her face.

DeShawn laughed. "Y'know, that's the first time I've ever wanted to fail at something." He leaned forward and kissed her. "I sincerely hope you're not pregnant, Becca."

She didn't respond, but continued to stare into his eyes. So do I, DeShawn, she thought privately.

The rest of the morning passed quickly. John had packed most of their things and once Becca was dressed, they were ready to leave. DeShawn offered to help with the luggage and John gratefully accepted. Once they were all packed, John went to front desk to check out and left DeShawn and Becca a few minutes to say good bye.

DeShawn and Becca hugged and kissed each other several times. Becca cried and DeShawn shushed her and held her tightly. John returned and they left the parking lot with DeShawn waving good bye to them.

It had only been a week, but the bonds that were formed were strong and they each knew they would see DeShawn again. They were quiet most of the way home, exchanging only a few words with each other. They weren't angry with each other, just reflecting on the entire week. They drove straight through and made home Friday afternoon. They only made on stop along that way and that was a drug store to purchase several pregnancy tests.

It had been a great summer vacation on South Padre Island. Becca and John both hoped that they had picked up a souvenir on the island. They were both hooping it was a special type of souvenir that would reveal itself in nine months. 


Part 2

The drive home was long for John and Becca and they picked up a passenger before they left the island. Silence joined them in the car and rode with them the entire drive home. They spoke to each other some and laughed a bit; but both of them were lost in their own thoughts and content to let Silence sit between them. Their hands rested together, fingers intertwined; as gentle squeezes and soft smiles became their primary method of communicating. While words were barely spoken; love and understanding were shared between them.

They did stop at a drug store on the way home, but they were out of pregnancy tests, so they finished the drive home. Their little car finally made its way into their driveway and John volunteered to unload the luggage. He was rewarded with a kiss on the cheek and Becca went inside. Her luggage was still heavy, but he didn't have to carry it as far this time. He unpacked quickly, which basically consisted of just dumping everything into the laundry basket; and wandered into the kitchen for a beer.

A beep and subsequent metallic voice of their answering machine came from the kitchen. Becca was standing at the machine, deleting old messages and she winked at John as he made his way to the fridge. John admired the view, because Becca had changed into really short shorts, a tank top and she was braless. Yea!

"John, will you please get me a beer? Pretty please baby?" Becca's singsong voice melted his heart as always.

"Of Course baby."

He grabbed two beers, cut up a lime and stuffed a lime wedge into both of them. It was a technique they had picked up in Texas and now they drank all of their beers with a lime wedge. A smile lit Becca's face as he handed her beer over. They clinked bottles and John flopped down on the most comfortable thing in the world, his own couch, and closed his eyes.

The messages were finally deleted and it was clear that John and Becca had missed a few parties, while they were on vacation. Since it was still Friday, they also had a few invitations for the weekend, but they'd get to them later. It felt too good to just sit on the couch and John wasn't inclined to move for anyone right now.

The couch moved slightly and John felt Becca sit next to him and leaned her head against his shoulder. He cracked an eye open at her. "How you doing baby? Everything ok?" He moved his arm around her back and let her lay her head on his chest.

"Yea. I'm fine John. It was a really great vacation and we needed a chance to get away and relax. While we didn't plan what happened with DeShawn; I don't regret anything. Do you?"

"No." John sighed. "I don't regret it honey and I'm really hoping we brought a little package back with us. DeShawn is a really good guy and I don't think we could have picked a better person. He handled the situation very well and treated us both with respect, especially you, and that made everything easier. It wasn't exactly easy for me, but he made it easier."

John believed most of what he told Becca and tightened his arm around her. "I love you honey." His arm squeezed her hard against him; and he kissed the top of her head.

"I love you to John. Always and forever."

The invitations were declined for Friday night and John and Becca settled for thin crust pizza, a movie and a solid 10 hours of sleep. They both needed to recuperate from their vacation and sleep was the best medicine. They both enjoyed being back in their own bed and in their own home.

As usual, John was up early on Saturday morning. His body clock wouldn't let him sleep past 6 unless he was hung over. He tiptoed into the closet to dress and carried his jogging shoes to the door before slipping them on. He stopped to admire Becca as she slept, silently watching her chest rise and fall. Her face was angelic, when she was sleeping and he thought she looked more beautiful than ever. He shook his head and quietly walked out to finish getting ready.

There was a track nearby and that's where John headed. It was relatively cool for a Texas morning and John hit the track running; considerably faster than his normal pace. Despite his calm demeanor when they got home yesterday, uncertainty flooded through him. He kept asking himself over and over, if they did the right thing.

He didn't have a good answer to that question. A huge part of him (and Becca) wanted to be a parent, a dad, a 'daddy', and they had tried everything to get pregnant. They were prepared to try artificial insemination, where they basically just chose some random sperm donor. That approach was clinical, cold and depressing for him and Becca. He still shuddered when he thought of it and he remembered Becca crying at the thought of being artificially inseminated.

DeShawn on the other hand was a great guy, he was in great physical condition and he was a legitimate hero. He held a position in one of the most elite units in the military and he genuinely cared about their situation. John thought back to the incident at the nightclub. He hadn't been there, but Becca made it clear that he had saved her from those two punks and risked his own safety to do it. Still, he reminded himself, he fucked your wife, repeatedly, and she loved it! And you asked him to do it, dumbass!

That thought stuck with him and he couldn't shake it couldn't let it go; couldn't out run it. The sound of his footfalls on the track echoed in the early morning. They were his only company, unlike at the beach when he ran with DeShawn. His footfalls came faster, harder, as his pace increased. Half a mile down, he thought to himself; and imagined DeShawn next to him. He increased his pace further, almost sprinting now.

Sweat was flowing in earnest, down both sides of his face, as he pushed himself harder. His breathing became more labored and he was gulping air now, well past his normal steady breathing method. The muscles on his neck stood out and his arms pumped out a fast, steady rhythm, propelling him forward. One mile down, c'mon pick it up John, he berated himself now, trying to get angry and use that energy to go faster. Don't let him win! DeShawn was still beside him, still pushing him, still fucking Becca!

The tingling always started in his fingers, but moved quickly past his hands, past his elbows and approached his shoulders. Oxygen deprivation. He recognized the signs and still refused to slow down. In his mind, slowing down would mean losing to DeShawn and he felt he already lost enough to him. His vision was getting blurry, narrow, as tunnel vision started to close in on him. Nausea finally joined the party and he felt his stomach tighten. Gasping loudly now, his mouth was filled with a metallic taste.

The inevitable happened and deep down, John knew it would. He wanted it to happen, needed it to happen. It was the only way he would accept slowing down. John felt his stride falter, his feet tangled with one another and he crashed down, hard. His momentum caused him to slide forward and the little crushed rocks on track dug into the palms of his hands, scraping and tearing his skin away. He slid for only a few feet, but it was enough to make sure first several layers of skin were gone from his hands; and as many little rocks as possible, were imbedded into his scrapes.

John used his forearms to carefully flip himself onto his back, held his palms up in front of his face and surveyed the damage. Fuck me, that stings, he thought and lowered his hands to his heaving chest and stared up at the sky. The world was spinning, but fortunately he could tell the spinning was getting slower, so he was pretty sure he could keep from throwing up.

"SHE'S MY WIFE!"

He shouted as loud as he could, straining is throat and he didn't care who heard him. One run wouldn't exorcise any demons, but the pain and exhaustion made them easier to handle. He thought he was ok with what happened on their vacation, but now he was having difficulty dealing with it. Did Becca want him anymore? They had barely touched each other the entire week and she seemed more than happy to let DeShawn have his way with her. They fucked like rabbits every night and even snuck back during the day to fuck each other.

John forced himself to his feet, before the tears started to flow, and swayed slightly as he tried to stay upright. He noticed a pair of red stains on his t-shirt, bracketing his chest, and realized his hands were bleeding. Blood was flowing freely from the scrapes on his palms and he could feel the wetness flowing down his fingers. Just great John! He started home, wondering what he was going to say to Becca.

He left blood on the door handle when he entered the house and immediately headed to the kitchen to rinse his hands. He really hoped Becca was still in bed.

"Hi Honey. Have a good run?" It clearly wasn't John's day as Becca's bright smile greeted him from the kitchen stove.

"Yea honey, but I-."

"John, what the hell happened to your shirt? Holy shit, are your hands bleeding? Get over here now!"

Becca met him at the sink and got the water running. Cool water hit his hands and a hiss escaped his mouth. He gritted his teeth and kept his hands under the faucet.

"Keep your hands in the water, I'll be right back." Becca patted him on the back, disappeared into their bedroom and returned in record time.

"Start talking mister! Your hands look like hamburger. What happened?" Becca's eyes were flashing with concern and anger and she had a pair of tweezers. Oh god, No! John thought and sure enough Becca started pulling little rocks out of John's skin. She wasn't gentle. Definitely not my day.

Becca finally got his hands cleaned up and insisted on using the entire roll of gauze to bandage his hands. That was a disaster, but John went along with her, because he knew better than to argue with Becca when she got in this kind of mood. A few minutes later, John sat on the couch and admired his mittens. Becca watched him try and work the remote control for a while, laughing at his frustration and eventually took pity on him. The mittens turned into medium-sized bandages and he was able to use most of his fingers. Becca decided he had enough use of his hands to help with the housework; and assigned him the laundry.

Laundry got sorted into different piles and he put the first load in to wash. The smell of food cooking was coming from the kitchen, so John headed in that direction. Becca had just finished making lunch and they sat down together.

"John, you run almost every day. I've never seen you have an accident." Her eyes were full of concern and her tone was low, soothing. "Do you want to tell me what happened?"

"It's nothing Becca. I was just running too fast and I tripped. Honestly, that's what happened." John's eyes focused on his grilled cheese sandwich and he felt Becca's hand on his shoulder. "Honey, what were you thinking about when you tripped?"

"You and DeShawn." John admitted simply. He couldn't meet her eyes. "I thought I was ok with it. I convinced myself that once were back, everything would be ok, but it's not Becca. I can't stop thinking of you two together and that I've let you down. I'm worried that I convinced you to do something you'll regret and I'll lose you because of it."

Silence descended on the table and John finally risked a glance at Becca. Her eyes were full of tears, but she was smiling at John. She got up, hugged him tightly and ran her fingers through his hair. Her lips felt cool as she covered his face in kisses.

"John, I love you so much." Her chair creaked a bit as she sat back down. "Please listen to me and just hear me out." He nodded.

"You have never let me down John; not once, not ever, in our entire marriage. You certainly didn't let me down in South Padre." She paused and looked steadily into Johns eyes. "I'm very happy and even grateful to you for having the courage to suggest me being with DeShawn. It shows me just how much you love me and want to be the father of our child. Most people will never understand what it's like to want children so badly you cry yourself to sleep at night. Those same people will never be faced with the choice of going without children or going to clinic to have some random sperm put inside them. It's a horrible choice John and you had the courage to choose a different path. It's a better path than the one we were on and I will be forever grateful to you."

Becca leaned forward and kissed him softly. "I love you John. Nothing will ever change that and I will never leave you. I promise. DeShawn is a great guy, but he's not you and he's not my husband." A grateful smile filled Johns face and he nodded. They finished lunch and a thought crossed Johns mind. His face lit up and a big smile crossed his face.

"Hey, I have an idea?" Becca closed the dishwasher and started it. "What's that?"

He couldn't stop smiling. "Let's go to the grocery store. We need a few items and one thing in particular." Confusion showed on Becca's face, but she smiled with him. "Uhhh. Ok. What special item do we need?"

"You'll see. Come on."

They made a quick list of things they needed at the grocery store, minus John's secret item of course. Becca drove, because John's hands were still a little painful. Once inside, they collected all of their items and headed towards the front to check out.

John squeezed Becca's hips. "You go ahead baby, I'll meet you there?"

"Ok don't take too long."

John almost sprinted back to the pharmacy area and frantically searched for his secret item. There you are, he thought to himself and grabbed several. They were a bit pricey, but he didn't care and he definitely wanted to be sure. He couldn't stop smiling as he approached Becca in the checkout line. She looked up at him, noticed what he was carrying and burst out laughing. She blushed a very cute shade of red and glanced quickly around.

She leaned toward him and whispered. "Oh my god. How many did you get?"

"All of them." He said simply, still smiling like an idiot, and then shrugged his shoulders. "I wanted to be sure and hey, if you're not pregnant, we'll use them eventually. Right?"

That earned him a big hug and Becca's eyes were misty, as she pulled back from him. "I love you so much John. I couldn't have picked a better man to share my life."

They drove home and on the way, Becca reminded John that home pregnancy tests were sometimes inaccurate and she needed to wait until she missed her period. So they had a two week wait, before they could take the test. John remembered hearing this before, because they had been trying for a while, but his excitement got the best of him.

The next two weeks saw Becca and John resume their normal lives together. They both went back to work and slid right back into business as usual. The only difference in their lives, and it was significant, was that John no longer had any performance issues. His cock got rock hard at the thought of Becca fucking DeShawn. John didn't understand why, but the thought of them together, worked like a charm for him. He didn't tell Becca why he was so hard, he kept that to himself; but she didn't seem to care.

John was right. Becca didn't care what caused the change in John. She suspected the reason, but she wasn't going to broach the subject, for fear it would sabotage his confidence. She simply enjoyed being with her husband again sexually. It was nice to see him hard, erect and dying to have sex with her. It made her feel beautiful and desirable and she missed that with John.

Becca also had her own little secret and she didn't share it with John. Since being with DeShawn for a week, she could barely feel him inside of her. She could tell when he entered her, but she was too loose to get much pleasure from their sex. She found herself faking orgasms for the first time in her marriage and began asking John for oral sex more often. John was such a sweet guy; he gladly performed oral on her until she came and then slid inside of her to cum himself. Becca found herself masturbating, after John fell asleep and kept remembering how DeShawn fucked her. I'll forget him eventually, she thought.

The week her period was supposed to visit finally arrived. Becca had always been very regular in her periods, so she knew immediately the day her period should have come and didn't. It took all of her resolve, not to rush into the bathroom at work and take the test, but she waited until she got home. She called John and he asked her to wait until he could come home, because he wanted to be there with her. He was lucky he didn't get any speeding tickets on the way home and he rushed through the door.

Johns face was flushed and he was out of breath. "Ok. You all set? You need me to do anything?"

Becca laughed. "No Baby. Just wait." She disappeared into the bathroom.

One side to the other and back again, John paced in their living room. He tried to breathe deeply and calm down, but only succeeded in making himself light-headed. Finally, he picked a spot on the couch and sat down. Of course, Becca walked into back into the room, just as his ass hit the cushion. Becca was looking at the floor as she walked toward him and John immediately felt deflated.

"Aww shit baby. Well don't wor-"

Becca couldn't keep up the act any longer. She squealed loudly, jumped in place a few times and clapped her hands excitedly. "BLUE! It's Blue. It's blue. It's BLUE!"

"Yes!!!" John rushed over and held her close. Becca started sobbing, but for the first time in a long time; they were tears of joy. They clung to each other silently, no words were spoken and no words need to be spoken.

John insisted that Becca take two more tests and they both came back positive. Smiles were cemented on both of their faces that night. John took her out to a nice dinner and they came back and made slow, passionate love to one another. Becca promised to stop by the doctor's office and have them confirm it for them tomorrow. While they believed the home pregnancy tests, it wouldn't be official until the doctor confirmed it. They agreed not to tell anyone; not even family, until it was confirmed by the doctor.

John and Becca asked for the next day off, and surprisingly, it was approved on short notice, so they went to the doctor together. Their hands were locked together, while they waited in the doctor's office. Eventually they were seen and sure enough, the doctor confirmed it. Becca was pregnant!! She got a ton of material from the doctor and her first bottle of pre-natal vitamins. They ran down to the bookstore and bought just about every baby book in stock and rushed home.

Once they got back, they sat down and planned their communication strategy for their friends and family. Becca started writing down names. "Ok, I'll list everyone we know and start an email list, so we don't miss anyone."

"Sounds good babe. Umm, just how much detail are we going to provide to everyone?" John gave her a sidelong glance, his eyebrows raised.

"Well, we're not going to tell them everything, that's for sure." She brought her hand up to her ear and mimicked a phone. "Hey mom, I just spent the week in South Padre getting my brains fucked out by a gorgeous black guy and oh by the way, I'm pregnant."

John laughed. "Yea, that wouldn't go over so well. Artificial insemination then?"

"Definitely." She nodded her head. "It's the only thing that makes sense and everyone knows we've been considering it."

He nodded back to her. "I agree. Y'know there is a small chance that the baby is mine." He got a skeptical look from Becca. "Heyyyy, be nice, it's possible."

"You're right baby. It is possible, not likely, but possible." That comment earned Becca a solid glare from John. "Let's just not mention race at all and if it's yours great. If it turns out to be DeShawn's, then we'll say that the race of the father didn't matter to us. That also happens to be true, by the way, besides, you will be the only person in the delivery room with me."


Sounds like a plan baby. When do you want to tell DeShawn?"

Becca answered quickly, as if she had already considered it. "Tonight! I think we should call him tonight." John nodded. "Ok, sounds good. Let's give him a call."

Becca grabbed her purse and dug through it. "Jeez Becca, you could lose a whole person in that purse of yours." That earned him a distracted slap, as she continued to dig for buried treasure in her purse.

"Aha! Found it." She showed it to John and stuck out her tongue. "Real mature baby."

"Fuck you!" It was so uncommon for Becca to curse, that John couldn't help but laugh.

"Ok, enough. Let's call him." Becca clapped her hands excitedly. She had to dial the number twice, but she finally got it right and they put the call on speakerphone and sat back.

He picked up on the third ring. "Hello." They recognized DeShawn's voice immediately.

"Hi DeShawn-"Becca and John said his name simultaneously, looked at each other and laughed. They were sitting next to each other and both of them were staring at the phone. The mic in the phone was very good, but they still felt like they had to speak right above it. They were both excited, but John nodded at Becca to continue.

"Hi. It's John and Becca. How are you?"

"Hey guys. I'm good." They could hear the smile in DeShawns voice. "It's great to hear from you. How are things in Texas?"

"It's freakin' hot hear in Texas. That's how it is dude." John answered before Becca, but she followed John. "Yes, it's very hot. Hey, where are you? Did you decide on Texas, Florida or Washington for your next assignment?"

"Well, I decided on Florida. I'm in the panhandle and it's a special operations base, so I'm back on active mission status." He paused. "It's actually weird that you caught me, because I was just back in my quarters to pack. I'm headed out tomorrow."

Becca and John both knew that probably meant he was going somewhere dangerous, but that he couldn't tell them where. As a Para-rescue operator, DeShawn could be called just about anywhere in the world on short notice and his assignments were never easy or safe.

John and Becca exchanged a glance, but it was Becca that answered. "Wow. Will you be gone long?"

"I'm not sure. Ideally no, but I never know, until I get more mission details." His voice was serious and calm. DeShawn's voice was typical of a consummate professional. He was someone who had clearly been there, done that and got the T-shirt.

"Wow, well you be careful out there and come back safe; you hear me?" Becca leaned forward for emphasis.

"Yes Ma'am. I will. So what's up guys? You calling just to wish me luck or do you have good news to share?"

Becca laughed and clapped her hands. "We have awesome news to share. We are pregnant DeShawn! Yayyyyy!" She circled her hands in front of her and sang. "We're having a baby. We're having a baabbby!"

DeShawn and John both busted up laughing and before long they were all laughing. It was a happy moment for all of them and even thought they were separated, their closeness was evident.

"That's great guys. I'm so glad to hear that. I know you've been trying for a long time. Congratulations!" Happiness rang through his voice, but it was also tinged with a tiny bit of uncertainty.

"Thank you DeShawn." John responded. "We are ecstatic right now and we wanted to share the news with you first. We also wanted to say thank you again."

"Aww guys, you're welcome." He gave a short laugh. "Actually, it was my pleasure. Really, it was my pleasure, wasn't it Becca?"

Becca laughed. "You are so bad, DeShawn." John smiled, but suddenly didn't feel like laughing. Becca caught the look on his face and visibly focused on the conversation.

"DeShawn, in all likelihood the baby is yours, however John and I have been together since our vacation. So we're not sure who the father is at this point."

"No worries guys, I understand."

"Good. We're going to wait until the baby is delivered and by then; the father will be obvious. I hope that's ok with you?"

"Yep, that's fine. Thank you for asking."

Becca continued. "You're welcome. We wanted to keep in touch with you and update you as the pregnancy progresses. Are you ok with that as well?"

"Sure. I would really like that and thank you."

"You're Welcome DeShawn." Becca looked over at John and he nodded. "We had one last question for you."

"Shoot." John thought he could hear a bit of caution in DeShawn's voice.

"Would you like to be present at the delivery?"

Technically, they hadn't discussed that last part, but John saw the direction of Beccas thoughts and nodded to her. While he still wasn't sure if he wanted DeShawn present when the baby was born; it was hard to deny him that right. Like it or not, if the baby was DeShawns; they had agreed to keep in involved in the child's life.

DeShawn didn't answer right away and when he did answer his voice was filled with emotion.

"Would you guys be ok, if I was there when the baby was born?"

Becca and John responded together. "Yes." John continued. "DeShawn we told you we would keep you involved and we meant it. We're not trying to put any pressure on you at all; but you are welcome to be there with us."

Silence greeted them again, but they waited patiently. It was obvious that what had been a fun sexy time at the beach; had become serious for DeShawn.

"Guys, I'll have to think about it. Honestly, I'm not sure and my schedule is unpredictable. I hope you understand."

"Sure thing DeShawn. We understand completely and we'll keep in touch with you as we go along."

"Sounds good guys. Thank you again. Now I gotta get going." The heard movement on DeShawn's end of the line.

"Be careful DeShawn." Beccas voice was full of emotion as well. "Yea man, watch your ass." John added.

"I will guys. Take care."

"Bye."

The call ended and both John and Becca sat and looked at each other. "I don't think he's going to want to be involved, do you?"

"I'm not sure." Becca shrugged. "I think it's a lot for him to take in and he's probably not sure how he feels right now."

"Yea you're probably right." John got up and grabbed a beer from the refrigerator.

"I still think we keep him involved and probably the best way to do that is email. We can give him updates and maybe some pictures of me as the pregnancy moves along."

He put his beer down on the table. "Whoa. Pictures of you? When did we talk about sending him pictures of you?"

"Calm down honey." Becca smiled and put her hand on his arm. "We were going to document the pregnancy anyway. I'm just talking about pictures that show my belly getting bigger. That's it, nothing nude or X-rated."

John's face was still unconvinced. "Becca, I don't know. I think simple emails should be fine."

He took a long pull of his beer and then pushed his chair back a little. Becca slowly stood up, walked over and sat down on his lap. She nuzzled and licked his neck and then bit his ear lightly, whispering lightly. "Please John."

Unconsciously his head twisted a bit, as he reacted to Beccas tongue on his neck. She knew he loved it when she did that to him and his cock got hard in a second. His hands came up and he caressed her back.

"Hmmmm, someone is getting frisky." Becca murmured into his ear. John couldn't help himself and got fully hard with Becca grinding her hips against his cock. She pushed her tits against his chest and kissed him hard. She pulled back and stared into his eyes, but continued to move her hips over his cock. John was getting a little lap dance from his wife and he loved it.

"Baby, don't you want to watch as my belly swells?" John nodded.

"You want to take pictures, as it gets bigger and bigger right?"

John gasped. "Yes."

"Well, I'll just send one or two of those pictures to DeShawn, ok?" She ground her hips harder against his cock. "Ok baby?"

"OK." John nodded desperately. "Ok!"

"Good. I think he should see his baby growing inside me." She paused and stared intently into John's eyes. "I think he will love to see his black baby growing inside my white belly. Don't you?"

Instead of answering, John stood up abruptly, his chair flying back from the table. Becca's legs automatically went around his hips and she thrust her tongue in his mouth. He carried her into the bedroom and they were naked in seconds. John frantically thrust inside of her. Becca moaned as John thrust inside of her, hard and desperate. He thrust once, twice and John shouted on the third thrust as he felt himself release and spurt inside of her. Becca held him close to her, his weight comforting on top of her and kissed his neck and shoulders. She suspected that the thought of her and DeShawn together, was responsible for John's newly found erections. She smiled to herself as she realized she was right.

Still gasping for breath, John rolled off Becca and lay back staring at the spinning ceiling fan. He closed his eyes and he remembered Becca's last words and the uncontrollable thrill they sent through him. I almost came in my pants, he thought. Embarrassment flooded through him and he felt his face get hot. There was no way to hide it from Becca any longer; she knew now that he was turned on by the thought of her and DeShawn. He glanced at her out of the corner of his eye and found her smiling to herself.

Becca felt John's eyes on her and turned to face him.

"Do you want to talk about it or pretend that didn't just happen?"

She rolled over on her side facing John. Her hand found his chest and she dragged her fingers over his skin.

"I don't know what to say Becca." John sighed heavily. "I don't know how to begin or how to put it into words."

"Do you mind if I ask you questions then? Will that make it easier?"

He didn't answer.

"John. I love you. Nothing you tell me will change that. I promise."

John took hold of her hand and squeezed it. Becca smiled and kissed his cheek. She waited to see if he would speak and decided that silence was going to be his approval for her to ask questions.

"You know I used to date black men exclusively when I was college right? We've discussed that before."

"Yes Becca, I remember." There was a note of bitter sarcasm in his voice. "I also remember you saying that I didn't need to worry about it and that I was more than enough man for you."

"That's true John. It was true then, it was true while we were on vacation and it's still true now."

"Are you sure?" He looked over at her. "I know DeShawn is much larger than me. At least from the way you were moaning when you two had sex, it seemed that way. I mean, as long as we're talking, let's just be honest."

Becca took a silent, deep breath. Mentally she rolled her eyes, because men were ultra-sensitive about the size of their cocks. Even guys, who were blessed with big ones, were still sensitive about whether someone was bigger. Have you been with someone bigger? Am I big enough for you? Am I too big?

She was sure that last question caused a lot of women to laugh to themselves. It would be funny, if it weren't so serious and important to men. It's a good thing men couldn't develop that muscle like they can their biceps, she thought. Otherwise, women wouldn't be able to walk straight because all the men would exercise that muscle exclusively.

"Honestly John. You are more than enough man for me. I like the size of your cock and I really love having sex with you. I always have, please believe me."

"I do baby, but size matters right?"

Another sigh from Becca. "John, yes size does matter, but only to a point. It's the emotional connection that makes sex good, whether the guy is big or small." She patted his chest to get him to look at her. "Just because a guy has a huge cock, doesn't mean the sex is good. In fact, the sex may be horrible, because he just pounds away like a jack-hammer and expects his cock to do all the work. It can also be painful for a woman and believe me; the sex isn't good when you're in pain."

"You didn't sound like you were in pain with DeShawn."

Another sigh came from Becca. "Grrrrr. Ok, let's talk about DeShawn."

John gave a short laugh. "Yes, let's talk about DeShawn."

"John stop, I'm being serious."

"Ok, Ok. Go ahead."

"Yes, DeShawn is well endowed and yes it was painful the first time with DeShawn." She leaned forward and kissed his cheek. "It was also awkward for both of us. So the sex wasn't great the first time, John."

"Maybe not the first time, but things clearly got intense between you two."

She nodded. "Yes they did and I won't deny that John." She shrugged and admitted. "I think that was inevitable though, because DeShawn is a good-looking, nice guy. It's probably why you suggested him in the first place."

John nodded. She had him there. One of the reasons he suggested DeShawn was that he was a nice guy, who was in shape and had a job that ensured he was medically clean.

Becca's voice interrupted his thoughts. "Besides John, are you telling me that if you met a nice, good-looking woman, you wouldn't have great sex after the first few times?" Sarcasm dripped from her tongue as she continued. "Somehow I think the same thing would have happened if the situation was reversed."

"Ok, you're right. I admit it. You're right." He let his hands flop beside him. "What do you want from me Becca? You're right."

She ran her fingers through his hair and kissed his forehead. "Understanding John." She said simply, before continuing. "Understanding and honesty between us; that's all I want from both of us John. Understanding and honesty."

John pulled Becca on top of him. "I can do that Becca. Just promise to love me and never leave me. I need you in my life Becca. It's that simple for me and whatever I have to do; to keep you in my life, I will do."

"Then answer my questions John. Please?"

He nodded.

"The thought of me being with DeShawn, not only sexually, but just being with him; turns you on doesn't it?"

"Awww, Becca!" John covered his face with his palms. "This is sooo embarrassing; I can't believe we're talking about it."

Her voice was soft, pleading. "John. Please."

He dropped his hands and looked at her. "Yes Becca. Yes! It does turn me on and it's the reason I've been able to get hard lately. I just thinking of you two together and Bingo; I'm hard enough to cut diamonds. There! Is that what you wanted to hear?"

John expected laughter, giggling, disbelief and probably a little disgust when he looked at Becca. Instead he was rewarded with love. Becca's eyes reflected simple, deep love and understanding. She slowly lowered her head and kissed him softly, passionately. It was a simple kiss, but it the meaning it conveyed was complex. That simple kiss communicated her depth of feeling and it bared her soul to John; in a way that words couldn't. Words were simply inadequate.

"I love you John."

"Still?"

"Yes John. I love you still and I will love you always."

Relief filled John's body and he kissed Becca again and again. A load had been lifted from his shoulders and he felt closer to Becca, now that he had opened up about his feelings. He sensed that Becca felt the same way.

Becca tweaked his nose. "Baby, it's ok if you like the thought of me being with DeShawn. It doesn't bother me in the least and in fact, it's kind of a turn on for me as well." She blushed.

"Really?" A crooked smile crossed Johns face. "Are you just saying that to make me feel better?"

"Uuuh. No John. I'm being serious." She rested her chin on his chest. "Can I confess something to you?"

"Sure."

"The thought of you watching us, makes me very wet. It doesn't have to be just sex either. The thought of you watching us at dinner, on the beach or just sitting on the lounge chairs. Wow, it really gets me hot." She shrugged. "I guess I like the idea of you watching me."

Silence stopped by for a few minutes, as both of them took time to absorb this new information. Becca finally looked over at John. "Does that change the way you feel about me?"

"No Becca it doesn't. It does however change something else."

She laughed. "What."

John guided her hand down to his cock, which was rock hard again.

"Ohhhh, John."

Becca smiled at John and they didn't talk for a long while. They were both too busy finding new ways to communicate.

Becca and John savored every second of their pregnancy and they didn't miss a chance to take a picture or jot something down in their baby book. Both of them memorized the information in their baby library and they were constantly trying out baby names with one another. They were so happy and sweet with each other, that even their friends got a little sick of it.

Her belly seemed to swell a little more each day and Becca was glowing with happiness. She constantly rubbed her belly and was meticulous at making sure she ate right and took her vitamins. Her doctor got a little exasperated, because she would stop by the clinic to check every detail. Was this food good for the baby, should she stop exercising, was sex ok? Becca was determined to do everything right.

As for the sex, well Becca stopped that shortly after their mutual confessions. I don't want to take any chances John, she said to him repeatedly. She did her best to keep John happy and they bought different lubes and she became an expert at giving John hand-jobs. It wasn't really sex, but it was as close to it as John could get. Becca did give him blow jobs in the beginning, but rapidly transitioned to hand jobs as soon as the morning sickness kicked in.

John and Becca sent DeShawn regular emails and even pictures of Beccas growing belly. She was always fully clothed in the pictures, which made John feel better. Becca made another transition has her pregnancy progressed. She stopped wearing thong underwear, in favor of lacy boy-short, cheeky style of underwear. Honestly, John liked the look of her underwear as much as thongs, but she said these were more comfortable. DeShawn responded to each of their emails, but was noncommittal about doing anything more. It was clear that while he liked John and Becca, he wasn't sure how he fit in now that there was a baby in the picture.

The day finally came and Becca turned to John and said, "It's Time!" Now it was Johns turn to manage the details and he performed flawlessly. What Becca didn't know was that John had been rehearsing this situation for several weeks, so he had every detail worked out perfectly. A few pre-planned texts let everyone know what was going on. He had a big baby bag already in the car and he had another small baby bag ready by the door. He also had a bag, just for Beccas clothes. Every 'just-in-case' item was accounted for and John was so prepared he almost felt he could deliver the baby himself.

They made it to the hospital in record time, without speeding; because John definitely didn't want a speeding ticket. They whisked by the reception desk. The nurses rolled their eyes and smiled to each other as John helped his wife walk into their room. Their doctor stopped by and let them know that everything looked fine.

Becca was amazing and her body handled the birth with surprising ease. It was so easy in fact that a few of the nurses commented that they hadn't had a birth go this smoothly in a long time. Becca didn't need an epidural or any drugs; it was kind of weird John thought. He mentioned it to Becca as they were wheeling down to the delivery room and she smiled at him.

"It's a family thing. The women in my family have 'child bearing hips', at least that's what mom always, told me. My mom and grandmother both had really easy deliveries. I'm sure glad I inherited that gene."

It wasn't an hour later that their baby came into the world. It was a beautiful baby girl and the doctor proclaimed her healthy and happy, despite her cute little cries. Becca got to hold her first, but not after John gave her a quick kiss. Becca held the baby close, stroked her cheek and whispered softly to their new daughter. John gave them both kisses and hugged Becca tight. The nurses in the delivery room exchanged glances and the doctor shrugged his shoulders and congratulated them.


DeShawn came to visit them when their little baby was six months old. His visit was originally scheduled for a weekend, but he ended up staying with them for an entire week. It was a fantastic week for all of them.

DeShawn pulled his Mercedes up to the main gate at the Air Force base at about 4pm on a Friday. He had never visited this Air Force base before and he was glad he was only here for a visit. This place is truly in the desert, he thought. The Air Force Base in question was located along the Texas/Mexico border and the only thing out there was airspace. That was the mission of the base after all, pilot training, so they used the airspace every day. There was also little rain or cloud cover, so it was perfect for its intended use; but it was too far from a big city for DeShawn.

A blast of hot air hit him as soon as he lowered his window and he passed his ID over to the gate guard. He was waved through immediately and he started following the directions that John and Becca gave him. Second thoughts ran through his mind once again, but he dismissed them. He still wasn't sure about this visit, but John and Becca had insisted he come. Besides he did want to see Becca again. He still found himself thinking of her and the time the spent together. It wasn't love and he knew that, but they shared a connection for that week in South Padre and he wanted to see if it was still there. John was the wild-card though and DeShawn wasn't sure how John would fit into this situation. He mentioned that to Becca during one of their phone calls, when John had left to use the restroom. Becca assured him that John was fine with everything and DeShawn had better come visit. So here I am, DeShawn thought. In the middle of desert, just north of the border and it feels like I'm in a foreign country.

Becca was waiting for him out on their little front porch, when he pulled into their driveway. Their house had been pretty easy to find and DeShawn noticed that it had the best lawn on the block. He got out of the car just in time to catch Becca. She jumped into his arms, gave him a big hug that lasted long enough for them both to start laughing. Any worries that DeShawn had immediately vanished as he relaxed as he set Becca back down on the pavement.

"It's about time you got here!" Becca exclaimed and poked his chest. "How dare you keep me waiting, Mister?"

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It took me longer than I thought to make the drive." He put his palms up in surrender. "It's a freakin' long way from Florida and my ass is completely asleep." He stretched and popped the trunk to get his luggage.

Becca leaned into him and whispered. "Well, maybe I can do something about that for you DeShawn." She gave him a naughty smile. "Let's get you inside and get you settled. John and I made up our spare bedroom, so you'll have your own space."

DeShawn's smile reflected his confusion and uncertainty. Becca acted as though things hadn't changed since South Padre and that didn't make sense to DeShawn. He shrugged his shoulders, grabbed his luggage and followed Becca into their house. He couldn't help but notice that Becca definitely had her figure back and the shorts she was wearing really emphasized how nice her ass remained.

It was a typical military housing unit for junior enlisted personnel, but that didn't do it justice. John and Becca had done a great job of furnishing and decorating the house and every square inch reflected the love and attention of both of them. DeShawn also noticed that there were pictures of the baby everywhere and a twinge of jealousy hit him. It was short-lived though, because he quickly realized that John and Becca were able to provide a very stable, loving home. Unfortunately, that was impossible for DeShawn to offer, not because he didn't want to; but because his job and lifestyle simply made it impossible.

Becca led him into their spare bedroom and he dropped his luggage on the bed. It was tastefully decorated, just like the rest of the house. He felt arms circle him from behind and Becca laid her head on his back.

"I'm so glad you came DeShawn. Thank you so much. It means a lot to me and to John, that you came." She squeezed him tightly, before letting him go and stepping back.

"You're Welcome Becca. I'm glad I came as well."

Becca motioned with her head and grabbed his hand. "C'mon. Let's go see what John and the baby are up to."

They walked through the house, past the kitchen and out the back door. The patio was small, but it was shaded by a huge oak tree. There was a slight breeze and combined with the shade, the outdoors actually felt pleasant.

John was standing over a classic Weber grill, beer in hand and he was studying the charcoal briquettes. He had obviously just applied lighter fluid, because the briquettes were still in flames. He looked up and smiled as Becca and DeShawn stepped out of the house. He didn't seem bothered at all, that Becca was still holding hands with DeShawn and he stepped over to greet them.

DeShawn expected a handshake, but got a sincere hug instead. Surprised, he hugged back and threw Becca a confused look, but she just smiled and gave him a wink. John let him go and stepped back.

"DeShawn. Thanks for coming man. It's good to see you."

"Good to see you as well John. You got an extra one of those?" He motioned at the beer.

"Hell Yes. Becca would you mind getting DeShawn something to drink? I've got to tend this fire, if I'm going to properly burn our hamburgers."

"Sure thing honey." She disappeared into the house and John nodded at the chair in front of DeShawn.

"Have a seat dude. Make yourself at home." He smiled. "Mi Casa Es Su Casa; as they say down here on the border."

"Thanks John." Becca reappeared with DeShawn's beer. "Awww. Becca you are an angel. Thank you."

"You're Welcome." Becca didn't sit down in the chair next to him, as DeShawn expected. Instead, she walked past John and into their yard a little ways. She bent over something, but DeShawn couldn't see what it was. He leaned over to get a better look and Becca looked back at him and motioned him over. He got up and walked towards Becca; John gave him a smile and took a swig of his beer as DeShawn walked past him.

Becca was standing near the base of the oak tree, next to a big plastic crib-looking thing. DeShawn approached and he could see the little baby sleeping peacefully. The crib had its own padded bottom, so she wasn't sleeping on the ground. DeShawn stood next to Becca and studied the baby. Her skin was a light brown and her head was full of curly black hair. A cute, pink headband with flowers was on her head and she was dressed in a matching pink dress, with pink socks. It was a cute outfit and DeShawn couldn't help smiling. She was beautiful and he thought she had a lot of Beccas features.

DeShawn met Beccas eyes, smiled and gave her a hug. "Becca, she is absolutely beautiful."

"Yes, we think so as well. She the most beautiful thing in our lives and we have you to thank for it."

They pulled back from one another and Beccas eyes were misty. DeShawn was speechless and simply shrugged his shoulders and looked back at the baby. He stared at her for a while, before he looked back at Becca.

"Hey, what's her name? Are you guys finally going to tell me?"

Becca laughed quietly, so as not to wake the baby and Johns laugh carried over to them as well.

"Sorry about that DeShawn, but we wanted you to be here when we told you."

"That was Becca's idea DeShawn, not mine." John said and tipped his beer at DeShawn. "I wanted to tell you a lot sooner."

"Stop it John. We discussed it."

John shook his head. "No baby, you decided and I just knew better than to argue."

"Whatever."

DeShawn laughed at their little spat and Becca glared at him. He raised his hands in surrender and was rewarded with a smile.

"Anyway." Becca paused for effect. "Her first name is Bethany and her middle name is DeShawna."

DeShawn wrinkled his nose. "I like the first name, but did you really curse this child with DeShawna as a middle name."

That earned DeShawn a hard punch in the arm. "Yes. We did and I like it, so don't make jokes Mister!"

"Ok, Ok. Sorry. It's a beautiful name." A strangely contented smile crossed his face. Becca saw it and reached out and took his hand. She met his gaze and held it.

"John and I both wanted to find a way to work your name into hers and that name sounded the best." She rolled her eyes. "Besides, you definitely don't want to hear the other options we came up with."

Becca pulled him back over to the table and sat him down. She slid onto his lap when he was seated and took a sip of his beer. He grabbed it back as soon as she was done, and she stuck her tongue out at him; before sliding into the chair next to him. The homes in this area all had back yards with no fences, so there wasn't an over-abundance of privacy. John got the hamburgers on the grill and they enjoyed an early dinner.

Just as they were finishing, DeShawn heard a little cry. Becca was up like a shot and picked up the little girl. She quieted down immediately and smiled at Becca. John walked over and the baby leaned away from Becca and held her hands out for John. He immediately took Bethany into his arms and held her close. He twirled a little bit with her and walked over to the patio with Becca in tow.

"DeShawn meet Bethany. Bethany meet DeShawn." Bethany looked at DeShawn and then hid her face in John's neck. "Ohh. Stop it young lady. He's not scary." Bethany peaked out again at DeShawn and gave him a crooked smile.

DeShawn couldn't stop smiling at the little girl. She was absolutely precious and while his life didn't have room for a child right now, he did look forward to that possibility. Beccas hand on his shoulder brought him out of his daydreams.

"We would let you hold her, but she's still a little scared of strangers. I hope that's ok DeShawn."

He nodded. "It's fine Becca. I don't want to make her cry and I need to watch you and John hold her for a while and see how it's done." He laughed. "I can handle, and proficiently use, a variety of firearms and knives; but I am helpless with babies."

Becca squeezed his shoulder. The hamburgers were done and they all went inside. Becca had setup their dining room buffet style, so they sat in the living room watching TV and eating burgers. Bethany played on a blanket in the center of the room that John laid down for her. Becca explained to DeShawn that the house had been 'baby proofed' well before Bethany's arrival; but they still stayed in the same room with her when she was playing. DeShawn was surprised at how active she was for 6 months old and even though she wasn't walking, Bethany still managed to cover some ground.

DeShawn caught them up on what had happened in his life since their vacation on South Padre Island. He had rejoined his unit and he was back on active status. He explained that basically meant, he could be called anywhere in the world, at any time. He had done some short rotations overseas in places he couldn't tell us about. He assured us there were no new wounds or scars and his operations all went off without a hitch. It was surprising to John and Becca how calmly he could speak out his job.

John caught DeShawn up on everything that happened in their lives as well. The whole pregnancy with Bethany was a great story and DeShawn seemed to enjoy hearing it. Becca took responsibility for handling Bethany, so John could talk with DeShawn. She expertly handled Bethany and kept her from moving off the blanket or poking her eye out with her toys.

DeShawn eventually got down on the floor next to Bethany and just watched her play. Bethany looked up at him, but dismissed him in favor of a stuffed dog that barked. As Bethany grew more comfortable with DeShawn's presence, Becca picked her up and put her in DeShawns lap. His arms automatically went around her and he held her as she continued to play with her little barking puppy.

DeShawn looked up to see John and Becca smiling at each other. John looked down at him and Bethany and gave him a thumbs-up. Becca imitated taking a picture, with a question mark on her face and DeShawn nodded. Seconds later, Becca was clicking away with a camera and DeShawn was pretty sure she got every single possible angle.

Bethany's announced her bedtime by falling asleep in DeShawn's arms. Becca took that opportunity to take more pictures of course and John led him to their bedroom, where a crib was setup. John lowered a side of the crib and DeShawn carefully placed Bethany in the crib. John raised the side of the crib, smiled at DeShawn and clapped him on the back.

"You're a natural." He whispered and they left the room.

John and DeShawn rejoined Becca in the living room and helped her clean up. Once the food and baby toys were cleaned up they headed back to the living room. John broke out some beers, a deck of cards and they sat around the dining room table.

Becca sipped her beer and looked over at DeShawn. "In case you're wondering, we are bottle feeding Bethany now, so I can have alcohol again. Yes!!"

DeShawn laughed. "No. That didn't even cross my mind. You guys seem to be a great job with Bethany." He gave Becca a little salute with his beer bottle.

"Well, I did breast feed for the first few months, but it was very painful and the doctor was ok with moving her to bottle feedings." She laughed a little. "My breasts are finally back to normal size now too."

John laughed. "Yea Christmas came early, that's for sure!"

DeShawn shook his head and laughed. "You two are hilarious."

They played cards and talked for the next several hours. Finally, DeShawn couldn't keep his eyes open anymore and retired to the spare bedroom. Becca and John both went to sleep in their bedroom.

DeShawn had always been a light sleeper and his job reinforced that for him. So when he heard sounds out in the living room, he was wide awake in seconds. He took a second to adjust to his surroundings, pulled on his pajama pants and went to use the restroom. He finished, washed his hands and walked out to the living room.

Becca was sitting on the couch with Bethany and she was feeding her a bottle of formula. DeShawn was struck by how beautiful Becca was just feeding the little girl. Becca was wearing a long T-shirt and smiled up at DeShawn as he made his way over to the couch. He carefully sat down next to her and watched Bethany finish her bottle. Bethany was wide awake and enjoying her night-time feeding immensely. It was surprising to DeShawn how quickly she finished her bottle.

Becca handed DeShawn the empty bottle and put Bethany on her shoulder to burp. DeShawn got up to put the bottle in the sink, just as Bethany let out a loud belch. It was the cutest belch he'd ever heard and he couldn't help but laugh. Becca rolled her eyes at him and just pointed to the sink. He nodded his head, walked over to the sink and rinsed out the bottle.

He turned to Becca and whispered. "Hey, do you mind if I get a bottle of water?"

"No of course not DeShawn." She shook her head and motioned to the refrigerator. "Please help yourself."

DeShawn opened the refrigerator door and pulled out a bottle of water. He stopped and grabbed another one for Becca. He shut the refrigerator door and found Becca staring at him hungrily. Their eyes met and even in the darkened room, he could tell that Becca was blushing. She abruptly averted her eyes and resumed patting Bethany's back. She was quickly rewarded with another large belch from Bethany. She got up slowly with Bethany and carried her to the bedroom. Now that Bethany had fed and burped, she was falling fast asleep.

Becca looked at DeShawn and mouthed I'll be right back.

DeShawn sat down on the couch and sipped his water. He wasn't sure what would happen when Becca came back, but he was looking forward to talking with her privately. DeShawn couldn't deny his attraction to Becca and seeing her again brought it all back. The time they spent together on South Padre Island was amazing and Becca was completely uninhibited in bed. She didn't say no to anything, except anal sex and that was only because she wanted DeShawn to get her pregnant. He smiled to himself and remembered how John and Becca asked him to help them conceive a baby. It was the perfect situation for any guy, but especially for him, given his job. They hadn't asked anything of him and kept him as involved as he wanted to be, so it was absolutely perfect.

DeShawn had initially been very conflicted when he learned Becca was pregnant. His feelings grew even more conflicted after Bethany was born. DeShawn had confided in his best friend, Marcus, because he needed to talk about it. Marcus helped DeShawn work through his feelings and it really helped to have an outside perspective on the situation. It was actually Marcus who encouraged DeShawn to come visit John and Becca. It may be the only child you have DeShawn. You should go see her at least. DeShawn remembered Marcus' advice and he was thankful he had taken it.

Marcus and DeShawn were like brothers and they were almost inseparable. Marcus had gone through Para-rescue training at the same time as DeShawn, but he was a class ahead of him. Marcus and DeShawn were the only two black para-rescuemen during their training, so they drifted together and eventually formed a very close friendship. Marcus had been married as well, but that marriage slowly disintegrated after a few years, so Marcus and DeShawn socialized a lot together. Marcus was a great guy and DeShawn trusted him with his life. The only area they couldn't agree on was women. DeShawn preferred to have a relationship with one woman at a time; while Marcus preferred quantity over quality when it came to women.

Marcus was a very smooth operator and was definitely more of a player than DeShawn. He had been openly jealous of DeShawn when he saw the pictures of Becca. DeShawn made it a point to stress that their situation had been about more than just sex. In fact, it was John who suggested the whole thing and it had been completely consensual with everyone. Marcus quickly agreed, but DeShawn could tell that he was focused on Becca, more than anything else. Privately, DeShawn doubted whether Marcus would care about John at all. He figured it was unlikely that John and Becca would have ever offered Marcus the same opportunity they offered to him.


DeShawn shook his head and brought himself back to the present. He took a sip of water, leaned his head back and closed his eyes. It was only a few minutes later that Becca rejoined him. He heard her light footsteps coming back towards the living room and opened his eyes. His mouth dropped open.

Becca was standing in front of him and smiling. In fact, a smile was just about all she was wearing and DeShawn was speechless. Becca's body was still amazing and DeShawn honestly couldn't tell that she had ever been pregnant. His eyes roamed over every square centimeter of Becca's body and a smile slowly grew on his face as well.

A pleased smile rose over Becca's face as she enjoyed DeShawns attention. She had looked forward to this moment ever since her last time with him. She wanted him again so badly and she could hardly wait to feel him inside her. What made it perfect; was that John had given her his blessing. Becca had purchased the baby doll and thong panties specifically for DeShawn. John knew she bought them and he knew she was only going to wear them for DeShawn.

Becca stepped forward, slowly lowered herself and straddled DeShawn's lap. The feel of his cock sent a shiver through Becca and she moved up and down on his lap. A sexy smile came over her face as she felt DeShawn react to her body. Her breasts were in his face and she them moved them from side to side, pushing her nipples against his mouth. Strong, muscled arms caressed her back and pulled her against DeShawns chest. Their lips met and desire flooded through both of them. Becca stayed on DeShawns lap until she felt his cock strain against his pajama pants and his hips thrust upward, lifting her off the couch.

She slid off his lap and kneeled in front of him. Her hands reached up and she hooked her fingers in the waistband of his pajama pants and pulled them down. DeShawn helped by raising his hips and his cock broke free, as Becca pulled his pants down around his ankles. Becca gazed lustily at his cock; it was almost fully hard and standing straight up. It was beautiful and she remembered how good it made her feel. She extended both hands and stroked it softly, lovingly and enjoyed the hard veiny feel of his cock.

DeShawn saw the look on her face. "Do you like my cock?"

Becca tore her eyes away from the beautiful sight in her hands and whispered, "I love your cock DeShawn. It is absolutely perfect." He simply smiled and enjoyed her caresses.

Becca met his eyes again. "DeShawn I want to suck your cock, but I want to take my time and just enjoy it." A very naughty smile crossed her face. "Try and hold back as long as you can."

"Go ahead baby, suck it and I'll do my best to keep you on your knees all night."

DeShawn laid his head back and closed his eyes. A warm wet sensation greeted his senses as Becca started to lick his cock all over. She was an expert at sucking cock and she seemed to truly love it. A big smile crossed his face, as DeShawn remembered Cumming all over Beccas face during their week on South Padre Island. She loved it and let him know that if they weren't trying to get pregnant; she would let him do that more often.

Becca continued to run her tongue over DeShawns shaft, slowly up and down, over the entire length of his cock. His cock was thick and long enough that she could use both hands. She finally put the tip of his cock in her mouth and let her tongue circle around it. DeShawn moaned softly and concentrated on something non-sexual, because Becca was good enough at sucking cock to make him cum quickly. It had also been a while since he had been with someone, so he knew it was going to be difficult to last a long time.

Saliva coated DeShawns cock and it helped Becca force more and more of it down her throat. The muscles in her throat objected slightly, but she had deep throated him before, so she knew she could do it again. The soft, satin feel of his skin, felt amazing on her lips and she made sure to keep her teeth sheathed behind her lips. Deeper, and deeper, DeShawns cock slid further into Becca's throat each time she lowered her head. A tickling sensation hit the tip of her nose; it was DeShawns pubic hair and satisfaction flooded through her. She was close, just a little bit more and she would have all of his cock down her throat. A gag reflex had never bothered Becca once she got used to sucking cock. She was a little famous in college for not having a gag reflex and the hunky black guys all competed for a chance to have Becca suck them off. It was a strange source of pride for Becca and she intended to make the most of it while DeShawn was visiting.

DeShawns fingernails cut into his palms as he focused on trying to hold back his orgasm. Becca had taken his entire cock in her mouth and throat and was humming softly. The combination of pleasures was driving him crazy and he knew he was close. Becca was looking at him when he opened his eyes, gauging his reaction to her cock sucking skills. Her blue eyes were filled with lust and she winked at him, as she pulled his cock from her mouth completely and licked the head of his cock slowly.

DeShawn couldn't hold back any longer and felt his orgasm rush through his body and burst from his cock. Becca had seen his reaction and clamped her lips around his cock. She continued stroking it with both of her hands and felt it flex as the orgasm erupted from it. A sudden rush of warm cum hit the back of Becca's throat and she swallowed quickly. The taste and texture of DeShawns cum, was amazing and Becca swallowed greedily. The salty, creamy taste filled her mouth and she savored every drop. Her hands stroked his cock more insistently as DeShawns orgasm subsided, because Becca was determined to milk every little bit of cum out of it.

Eventually he was finished Cumming and Becca released her lips from around his cock. She licked the head some more and gazed affectionately at DeShawn. His chest was still heaving as he fought to catch his breath. That was probably the best head he had ever received in his life. Becca had crazy good skills, when it came to sex and she wasn't shy about using them. He looked down at her and a tired smile filled his face.

"Holy Shit, Becca. Damn girl, you are really good at sucking cock!" He sighed. "I'm sorry I couldn't hold back any longer."

"Thank you." She looked pleased with herself. "I'm glad you liked it. I missed your cock and I wanted to give you a welcome present." She smiled at him, rubbed her hands over his thighs and rose to her feet.

"I'll be right back." She walked down the hallway to the bathroom and DeShawn lay back on the couch. His clothes were crumpled on the floor and he absently moved them over to the end of the couch. The sound of running water carried through the house and wondered what Becca was doing. She wasn't gone long and came back wearing the same baby doll nightie, but she had taken off her underwear.

She lay down on the couch with DeShawn, lying on top of him and enjoying his big chest and firm abs. Becca thought his body was perfect and the vision of him getting a bottle of water from the refrigerator played itself over in her head. He was shirtless and wearing only his pajama pants. When the light from the refrigerator lit up his torso, his dark skin looked like black satin and his muscles looked chiseled from stone. Becca got wet immediately and knew she was going to have him. With that thought in mind, Becca leaned down and gave DeShawn a deep, soft passionate kiss.

The taste of mouthwash greeted DeShawn and now he understood why she left. Becca had brushed her teeth and washed her mouth out, so she could kiss him. He returned her kiss passionately and they continued to kiss and caress each other for the next several minutes. His hands trailed over her back and ass, softly caressing her curves. Finally, Becca pulled back and rested her head on DeShawns massive chest.

"I missed you so much DeShawn." She murmured into his chest. "It's nice to finally see you again."

"I missed you to Becca." He ran his fingers through her hair and kissed the top of her head. "I am confused about something though." Her head came up and she met his gaze.

"I understand what happened in South Padre and I'm glad you invited me to see Bethany." He paused "But I don't understand what we're doing now."

Silence followed his last statement and he waited patiently for Becca to respond. She was gazing down at him with a little smile on her face. God he is so gorgeous, she thought. Her pussy was still on fire. She took a deep breath to steady herself and ran her fingers over his chest, digging her nails in slightly. DeShawn arched his back and closed his eyes, a low groan came left his very kissable mouth slowly. She loved making him feel good and she also felt his cock start to harden.

DeShawn relaxed below her and brought his hands up and held her face close to his.

"Stop trying to distract me and answer my question, Becca." He kissed her lightly, but his eyes were serious. "You owe me an explanation. I like John and I don't want to hurt him or your marriage."

She laughed quietly. "Ok. Ok. You're right. You're just so gorgeous, but you're right."

DeShawn rolled his eyes at her and she stuck her tongue out at him, in response.

"John and I had a long talk after we got back from South Padre. We obviously had some issues to work through and I was pregnant; so there were a lot of discussions." She used her fingers to mimic quotations.

"The bottom line is that John and I love each other. We love our lives together and we absolutely love our little bundle of joy, Bethany."

Her expression had turned serious and she was maintaining eye contact with DeShawn. He nodded for her to continue and she felt his hands caress her back. She couldn't resist wriggling on top of him again and pressing her tits into his chest.

"Go on Becca."

"Ok, Mr. Spoilsport." She shook her head. "Well, through our discussions, we both learned some new things about each other and they have changed our marriage a bit."

"What did you two learn?" He paused. "If you don't mind my asking."

She shook her head. "No, it's ok, because it obviously involves you." She took a deep breath. "John realized that he liked the idea of me being with another man, specifically a black man. He actually loves the idea and he wants to watch me with another man." She smiled down at DeShawn. "He also trusts that I can be with another man and it's not a threat to our marriage."

"No way. Seriously?"

"Yes. In fact, when we first got to South Padre, John was having some issues performing in the bedroom. When we got back however, those issues disappeared. Want to know why?"

DeShawn nodded. "Absolutely."

She smiled at him. "I thought you would." He pinched her side and she giggled a bit.

"All John had to do was think of you and I together and bingo, his cock got rock hard." She shrugged. "No more performance issues."

"Wow. I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything DeShawn." She looked at him. "John has actually been pretty amazing in bed since then and we're closer than ever."

"That's great Becca."

He paused and looked away for a second. He didn't want to ask this next question, but it was eating at him, so he pushed forward.

"So have you been with any other men?"

He waited anxiously for Becca to answer and finally looked back at her. The expression on her face was serious and it was clear he had hurt her feelings.

"I'm not a complete slut DeShawn." Her voice was level. "No. I haven't been with anyone but John, since South Padre. I don't jump into bed for any guy, even black guys." She punched his chest and sat up. "You fucking jerk!"

"Becca I didn't mean to upset you."

"Too late." She started to stand, but he reached out and brought her back against him.

"I'm sorry, Becca. Truly, I'm sorry." His voice was pleading now. "It's none of my business and I know you're not a slut."

"DeShawn, just because I have a Queen of Spades tattoo, doesn't mean I fuck around." She hit his chest softly again and buried her face in it. "I never should have gotten that tattoo!" Her voice was heavy with emotion and DeShawn could tell that tears were close behind.

"Becca, I'm sorry. Please believe me."

His hand lifted her chin and he reached up and kissed her softly. She nodded, but still didn't meet his eyes. His arms circled her back and he held her close.

"I can be a jerk sometimes Becca. I'm not perfect." He paused. "This is a new situation for me and I just wasn't sure where I fit in now. I am truly sorry; I never want to upset you."

She nodded again and kept her head resting on his chest. DeShawn guessed that there was more to Becca's reaction than what he said to her.

"Want to tell me about it? It might help."

No answer. Becca snuggled against his chest and he held her softly. He wanted her to feel safe in his arms and he swore he would keep her safe whenever he was around her. It surprised him, how protective he felt towards Becca.

"It was during college." Her voice was flat, as if she was reciting someone else's history. "I fell in love with this beautiful black athlete." She sniffed and continued. "At least I thought it was love and maybe he did too at first." She paused for a minute.

"He was a basketball player, really tall and well built. He wasn't as muscular as you, but he still had plenty of muscles. His personality was magnetic and his smile melted my heart immediately. We started dating and it wasn't long, before we were fucking every chance we got.

She raised her head and looked at him steadily, gauging his reaction. DeShawns face was neutral, interested, but devoid of any kind derision or judgment. He had a past as well and he was in no position to judge Becca. She seemed satisfied with his response and continued.

"He was the biggest I'd ever had up to that point and I couldn't believe how good it made me feel." She paused. "I had only ever been with a few guys from school and I now understood just how small they were in comparison."

"Anyway, my grades slipped a little, because I was over at his fraternity almost every night. He was demanding and always suggesting new things we could do or try in bed." She shrugged. "Honestly, I loved all of the sexual things we did and we did just about everything. I hadn't realized how repressed I felt growing up and now I finally got a chance to explore myself and my sexuality. "

"Our relationship lasted about six months, before I caught him with someone else. Needless to say, I was devastated. Some of the other girls on campus tried to warn me that he was a player, but I thought I had changed him." She laughed softly. "God I was so naïve. Obviously we broke up after I caught him."

"My grades came back up and I swore off boys for a while. Everything went back to normal, except I was lonely and I missed him. He obviously didn't miss me though, because I saw him with a new girl just about every month."

"One of his fraternity brothers and I had a class together and we started talking about six months after we broke up." She smiled. "He was nice and understood that I had been completely played by his friend. I didn't want to date him at first, because he was in the same fraternity, but eventually I agreed to go out with him. We started dating and it was really nice. There wasn't the same raw heat between us, but that was good because we actually got to know each other really well. He was the one who helped me understand black men a lot better."

A smile crossed her face and it turned into a little laugh. "I refused to go to the fraternity with him. I didn't want to see my ex and I was afraid of the way the other guys would look at me too. God he was so frustrated that we could only go back to my room. My roommate at the time was pre-med, so she was always studying. So we didn't have a lot of sex. Poor guy."

DeShawn piped up. "Yea, that does kind of suck. You're not the kind of girl a guy wants to just kiss Becca. You tend to inspire a lot of desire in a guy."

"Let me finish." She smiled at him and gave him a wink.

"Well, wouldn't you know it, his fraternity finally had a big party and he insisted that we attend it. I relented and we ended up at the party. I was surprised at how nice everyone was to me. A lot of the girls gave me hugs and told me I was better off. Most of the guys said the same thing, so I felt much better about being at the fraternity. It was kind of funny, because shortly after that party, my ex, the basketball player, got arrested for DUI and he had all these drugs on him. So he ended up getting some jail time and lost his chance at the NBA. It was a big deal on campus."

"So my new boyfriend and I started to have lots of sex. The bad memories were gone and I was enjoying my new black boyfriend a lot."

She smiled at DeShawn. "I can't explain my attraction to black men, but I just find them sexy."

"We are sexy Becca." He reached up and kissed her. "White women can't resist us, especially after they have a taste." He laughed and pinched her ass lightly.

Becca rolled her eyes. "Whatever. Anyway, things were going great. My boyfriend and I got along really well and his fraternity brothers were very nice to me. I was really happy. One afternoon we were BBQ'ing at his fraternity and just relaxing, when one of his fraternity brothers suggested I get a Queen of Spades tattoo. I didn't know what the heck they were talking about, but once they explained it to me, I agreed. I was young, infatuated with my boyfriend and black men in general, and I thought it would be hot. We did it that afternoon, in fact. The fraternity brothers took me down to the tattoo place and I had it done in about an hour. They wanted to add the words 'black owned' to the tattoo, but I said no."

DeShawn smiled up at her. "So that's how you got the tattoo."

"Yep. I thought it was sexy and I still do. I just wish I hadn't gotten it in front of all his fraternity brothers. I meant it for my boyfriend, but the guys seemed to think I was available to all of them."

"Yea." DeShawn agreed. "You should have waited and gone with just your boyfriend."

Becca nodded. "I didn't realize it at the time, but some of his fraternity brothers really wanted to be with me after I got that tattoo."

She kissed DeShawn's chest, rested her chin on her forearm and stared into his eyes.

"One night, I was over at the fraternity and we were alone in his room. I had just bought some new lingerie and I was modeling it for him. I loved showing off and when his friend accidently came in the room, his jaw hit the floor." She paused and took a deep breath. "I should have gotten dressed and left, but we'd smoked some weed and I wasn't used to the effects, so I didn't mind his friend watching as well. His friend sat down next to him on the bed and I danced for both of them. I remember thinking it was so hot and I was very high and very horny."

"It wasn't long before both of them had their cocks out and I was sucking them both off. I was down on my knees, deep throating their cocks. It was very erotic for me and I loved it. His friend wasn't as long, but he was very thick and I had a hard time getting him down my throat. I eventually did it, but he was kind of rough on me."

Her body was shaking a bit at the memory and her she was breathing heavy. DeShawn could tell this was a very emotional memory for her. While it probably turned her on, it clearly scared her as well. He held her close and whispered in her ear.

"Becca you're safe now. You'll always be safe with me and with John. I promise."

She nodded and gave him a grateful smile.

"You don't have to continue Becca, if you don't want to. It's ok."

"No. I want to finish. I need to be able to deal with this better and you probably understand the whole situation better than John." She looked down at DeShawn and he nodded in understanding.


I've told John as well." Becca wasn't sure why she added that last part, but she wanted DeShawn to know that she hadn't kept this from her husband.

"Like I mentioned, his friend was a little rough. He was a football player, lineman, so he was very big and he was very muscular, but he also had a bit of a belly. Normally, I wouldn't have considered being with him, but that night, it just happened. I was high, very horny already and I wanted to experiment. The thought of being with two black men was a surprising turn-on. We all got on the bed and they took turns fucking me all night long."

She looked at DeShawn and embarrassment filled her face. Becca buried her face in his chest again, while he just held her. She finally got enough courage to finish.

"Y'know people use that expression all the time." She mimicked quotations again. "Fucked all night long." She shook her head.

"Well, we literally did fuck all night long. They took turns on me and both of them had a lot of stamina. At first, they spit-roasted me, that's what they called it. My boyfriend took me doggy style, while his friend had me suck his cock and then they would switch. They switched off, until they were both ready to cum and then they would cum all over me. I remember thinking it was pretty hot."

She blushed and buried her face in her hands. A few minutes went by and she lifted her head and brushed her hair back from her face. She looked down at DeShawn's chest and continued.

"We did that for a while, then his friend went to his room and got some more weed and some lubricant. We fucked, smoked weed and fucked some more. One would watch, while the other fucked me and when he came; the other would start fucking me. His friend got progressively rougher as the night went on. First he just fucked me and came on me. As the night went on and he got more and more high; he would bend me over, push my face into the mattress and hammer my pussy. He pulled my hair and slapped my ass hard, when I was bent over. He liked Cumming on me, especially my face, and he called me all sorts of names."

Becca closed her eyes and shrugged.

"It did turn me on, but it also frightened me. I liked that he was so dominant, but in the back of my mind, I worried he might hurt me. I trusted that my boyfriend would stick up for me and stop him, if he got too rough. I realize now, that was very stupid of me."

"Fucking coward." DeShawn growled under his breath.

Becca nodded. "I thought so too."

"Anyway, several times throughout the night, I got so covered in cum, I had to go clean up. They made me walk down the hall to the bathroom to clean up. I was covered in cum and completely naked, but they insisted. Apparently, they got a kick out it and I was just lucky no one saw me."

"Finally we all got tired around 6 am. I was so sore; I gathered my clothes and went back to my room. I showered for about an hour and I was covered in bites, bruises and my ass cheeks were so tender from getting slapped all night. I skipped classes for the next several days and only talked to my boyfriend on the phone. He could tell I was upset and offered to come over, but I wasn't ready to see him."

"A week passed and I finally went back to class. My grades were good and I caught up pretty easily, so there wasn't a big issue. I finally saw my boyfriend and he was very apologetic. He explained that he hadn't expected that to happen, but he made it clear, he thought it was fun. I told him it was a one-time thing and it would never happen again. He was upset but I held firm and I thought he accepted my answer, but it didn't turn out that way."

"I also told him that my scholarship money was running out and I needed to get a part-time job, so I wouldn't have to leave school. He obviously didn't like that idea, because it meant we'd see each other a lot less and he tried to talk me out of it. He convinced me to try and find a job on campus and even offered to have his fraternity brothers look around for a job for me."

She paused and looked down at DeShawn. "Are you ok with me telling you all this?"

"Of course Becca."

"It's not making you think less of me?"

"Dammit Becca, No."

"Ok, well we're coming to the end anyway. I looked for a job for a few weeks, but nothing paid enough to keep me in school. During that time an Air Force recruiter was on campus and we talked a bit about the opportunities the Air Force provided. It sounded good, but it meant that I would have to leave college and my boyfriend. I initially dismissed it, but that didn't last long."

"The fraternity had another party and my boyfriend and I went. It turned out to be a bad idea, but ultimately it was a good thing. When we got to the party, all of the fraternity brothers were looking at me like I was on the menu. I don't have to tell you how the girls were looking at me and it was obvious that everyone knew about that night. I was so mortified, I tried to leave. My boyfriend took me to his room to calm me down and apologized again for his friend's behavior. His friend by the way; couldn't stop staring at me and it wasn't a good stare either. I seriously think he liked hurting women and it really creeped me out."

"My boyfriend got me a beer, but I definitely didn't want to drink. He asked me if I wanted some weed and I just about slugged him. He was quiet for a while, but then he asked me if I wanted something a little harder. I couldn't believe he was saying that to me. I asked him what the fuck he was talking about and he said he had some ecstasy and that I would like it. It would make me relax and everything would be ok. I told him to get the fuck away from me and I started for the door. Just as I got there, several of his friends came in, including the really scary one."

She shivered and held DeShawn very tightly. "It's ok Becca. You're safe with me." DeShawn whispered to her over and over. She nodded and clung to him.

"They asked my boyfriend if I was ready. He said no; just give him a little more time. I couldn't believe they were talking about me like I wasn't there. It was obvious they intended to use me as a party favor; just some pussy to pass around. One of them had a video camera with him and he asked me smile for the camera. The creepy guy held up a collar and smiled at me. That's it, he just smiled and I was petrified. Just when I was about to start screaming, I heard loud voices coming from outside the room."

"My roommate had gotten wind of the party and came by to see if I was ok. Apparently rumors had been going around about this party and she was worried about me. She had been at the college longer than me and she had heard similar stories. Well, she saved my ass that night. She gathered a few of her girlfriends and they came and rescued me. When I told them about the ecstasy, she threatened to go to the police and the fraternity brothers backed off in a hurry. She was amazing."

Becca smiled to herself.

"She was my Maid of Honor at my wedding and she is still my best friend ever. Anyway, I went to speak to the Air Force recruiter the next day and I enlisted that same week. I was off to basic training within a month and I never saw my so-called boyfriend again."

She hugged DeShawn tightly and laid her head on his chest. His hands stroked her hair and he kissed her head again. They didn't say anything for a while and just enjoyed the silence. Finally Becca raised her head and looked at him.

"I told you that story DeShawn, because I wanted you to know more about me. Yes, I am attracted to black men and I proudly wear a Queen of Spades tattoo. I'm not ashamed of it at all."

He nodded to her and waited for her to continue.

"My time in college taught me to be very, very choosy about the men I allow into my life. John is my husband and I love him dearly. I will never leave him, so long as he wants me. You are a very special, very sexy man and I can't get enough of you. More importantly though, you're also a really decent man and you treat me with respect. That means the world to me."

"I'm sorry Becca. I shouldn't have said what I said. It's nothing to joke about." He reached up and kissed her.

"You're forgiven DeShawn." She rested her head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat.

DeShawn held her close and thought about what she told him. It wasn't an unusual story, because a lot of white girls found they really liked black men. Unfortunately, their desires sometimes got the better of them and of course; there were men ready to take advantage of that desire. His hands slowly caressed her back and he felt Becca's breathing deepen and her body relax. She had fallen asleep on top of him and he enjoyed the feel of her body.

Where is this going? He thought for the millionth time.


